

=== Anti_Bribery_and_Anti-corruption_Policy ===

                                                                                                                                                                   
Version: 01, Policy Owner: Head of Human Resources  
 
Proprieta ry information of Shree Cement Limited  
Ref.: P05  
Anti-Bribery and Anti -Corruption Policy  
 
Purpose  and Policy Statement  
Shree Cement Limited (hereinafter referred to as ‘ Shree Cement ’ or ‘ SCL’ or ‘ Company ’) is 
committed to zero tolerance towards any form of bribery or corruption. This Anti-Bribery and Anti -
Corruption Policy (hereinafter referred to as ‘ the Policy ’) entails SCL’s  approach to zero tolerance 
towards bribery and corruption and outlines its position on the same. As an organization, SCL  
shall ensure that it compl ies with all the applicable anti -bribery and anti -corruption laws . SCL shall 
take a ppropriate actions against any persons covered by the policy,  if found guilty.  
 
Scope  
 
This Policy is applicable to all the  directors and employees of SCL and/ or its subsidiaries  including 
those third parties who are working  on behalf of SCL / its subsidiaries (hereinafter referred as 
‘covered members’) . This Policy should be read in conjunction with other applicable policies of 
Shree Cement.  
 
Policy requirements  
 
a) Bribery, Facilitation  payments and Kickbacks  
 
Bribery, f acilitation payments and kickbacks are unofficial, improper and small payments made to 
secure or expedite a routine action by an official  or are typically paymen ts made in return for a 
business favour or advantage.  
 
The covered members are strictly prohibited from offering, or promising to offer and accepting 
kickbacks, bribes , facilitation payment  or similar consideration of any kind . The Company also 
does not hire third parties to conduct any act of corruption or bribery on its behalf.   
 
Covered members, while dealing with third parties including with government representatives 
such as public servants, government officials, government agencies, international or ganisations, 
must be mindful of their interactions with such parties  and should conduct themselves ethically 
and courteously while interacting with the representatives . 
 
b) Political & Charitable Contributions  
 
SCL shall  not make any form of political contri bution , either directly or indirectly , to any political 
party or candidate running for public elections  except in compliance with the applicable law s and 
regulations  and with the  consent of the Board of Directors of the Company  including any 
committee authorized by it . Company’s contributions to charitable organizations shall be for 
legitimate cause s only and shall be approved and authorized in accordance with the delegation 
of authority and Company’s policy in this regard.  SCL shall disclose all its charitable and political 
donations duly complying with the applicable regulatory requirements.  
 
Every covered member,  while making any political or charitable donations in his or her personal 
capacity, shall ensure that such contribu tion does not imply to be a contribution made on behalf 
of the Company.                                                                                                                                                                     
Version: 01, Policy Owner: Head of Human Resources  
 
Proprieta ry information of Shree Cement Limited  
Ref.: P05  
 
c) Gifts  and Entertainment  
 
The covered members are prohibited from providing gift  or entertainment to customers, prospects, 
government officials or their family members when such expen ses are not customary or not 
incurred while conducting Company’s business and / or do not satisfy the guidelines enumerated 
in this Policy and other related policies  of the Company . 
 
All the covered members are prohibited from acceptance of gifts and entertainment.  
 
d) Third Parties  
 
This Policy applies to contractors, consultants, sub -contractors, agents, dealers, accounting or 
law firms, etc. working for the Company and thus the y are also prohibited from offering or 
accepting any type of bribe, kickback  and facilitation payment.  
 
SCL shall incorporate anti-bribery and anti -corruption provisions in the contract with third parties 
in consultation with Company’s Legal team, including the  right to audit and termination on non -
compliance with this Policy.  
 
Record Keeping  
 
SCL shall keep books and records that accurately reflect the Company’s transactions, assets and 
financial position in order to prevent the possibility of bribes.  
 
Breach of Policy  
 
SCL shall take appropriate  actions on covered members for any instance of non-compliance or 
violation of this Policy. Non -awareness of this Policy shall not be considered as an excuse for 
misrepresentation.   
 
Monitoring , Review  and Risk Management,  
 
The Compliance Officer shall be responsible  for regular monitoring of the effectiveness and 
suitability of the Policy and shall take necessary actions for any appropriate changes that are 
required from time to time .  
Any instance of non -compliance with the policy principles can be reported through the grievance 
mechanism as stipulated in the Stakeholder Engagement Policy of SCL.  
 
Communication  
 
The Policy shall be displayed to all employees through the intranet portal of  SCL and to third 
parties through its corporate website. Through various discus sions/ communication forums, SCL 
shall create a wareness about this Policy.  
 
Policy Approval  
 
This Policy was approved by the Board of Directors of SCL at its meeting held on 22nd May 2023  
and super sedes the existing policy on this matter.  

=== Archival_Policy_of_Website_Content ===

 
 
ARCHIVAL POLICY FOR WEBSITE CONTENT  
 
OBJECTIVE  
In terms of Regulations 30(8) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (the ‘Regulations’), a listed entity is required to host 
on the website maintained by the entity, all the material events/ information as 
disclosed to the stock exchange(s) for a period of five years and thereafter in terms of 
the archival policy of such entity as disclosed on the website.  
EFFECTIVE DATE  
This Policy i s effective from December 1, 2015.  
COVERAGE  
This policy covers archival of all Events or Information which has been disclosed to 
StockExchange(s) and hosted on the website of the Company in accordance with SEBI 
(ListingObligations and Disclosure Requireme nts) Regulations, 2015. All information 
uploaded on the website of the Company shall be kept available for a period of 5 (five) 
years from the date of their upload ing and thereafter shall be archived on the  website 
for further period of 3 (three ) years. Th ereafter the content shall be removed from the 
website of the Company.  
REVIEW OF THE ARCHIVAL POLICY  
The Company Secretary of the Company would review this Policy as and when required 
and make revisions as may be required  from time to time . 

=== Board_Diversity_Policy ===

                                                                                                                                                                   
Version: 01  
Proprietary information of Shree Cement Limited  
Ref.: P11 
Board Diversity Policy  
 
Introduction  
 
Shree Cement Limited (hereinafter referred to as ‘SCL’  or ‘Shree Cement Limited’  or ‘the 
Company’ ) recognizes the significance of diversity and inclusion. It considers diversity in the 
Board of Directors (hereinafter referred to as ‘ Board’ ) as essential in maintaining competitive 
advantage.  
 
Shree Cement aims to embrace the benefits of a diverse Board, which includes but are not limited 
to enhanc ed board effectiveness, a more inclusive culture, enhanced, rational and quick decision -
making capability, effective corporate governance and sustained commercial success of 
business.  
 
In view of the above, this Policy on Board Diversity ( ‘the Policy’ ) has  been developed to comply 
with the provisions of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015.  
 
Scope  
This Policy applies to the Board of Directors of Shree Cement.  
 
Policy Statement  
Shree  Cement aims to have a diverse Board to enhance the quality of decision making, improve 
the governance standards and achieving sustained commercial success. The Board shall have 
an optimal combination of executive, non -executive and independent directors i ncluding women 
directors, in accordance with the requirements of the applicable laws, rules, regulations, and 
regulatory and contractual obligations, if any.  
 
The Policy provides a framework for ensuring diversity in the Board of Shree Cement and shall 
serve as guiding principle for the purpose of determining the composition and selection of the 
candidates for appointment on the Board. The Policy aims to leverage diversity of thought, 
experience, knowledge, and skill, race, gender, age, ethnicity, nation ality, country of origin or 
cultural background to attain the strategic goals and objectives of the Company, including to:  
• have an appropriate blend of functional and industry expertise in the Board  
• achieve a balanced Board, with a wide range of attributes  
• facilitate healthy discussion and promote independence of judgement in Board  
• enhance the reputation of the Company.  
 
Role of Nomination and Remuneration Committee  
 
Nomination and Remuneration Committee of the Board (hereinafter referred to as ‘ NRC ’) sha ll be 
responsible for reviewing and assessing the composition and performance of the Board, while 
also identifying appropriately qualified persons to occupy the Board positions.  
 
NRC shall make recommendations to the Board in relation to appointments, and  maintain a 
diverse Board with varied skills, knowledge, experience and expertise.  
 
NRC shall periodically review the Policy to ensure its effectiveness and recommend appropriate 
revisions to the Board for approval.                                                                                                                                                                     
Version: 01  
Proprietary information of Shree Cement Limited  
Ref.: P11 
 
Disclosure  
 
This Policy shall be upload ed on SCL’s corporate website. The necessary disclosures, if any, 
about the policy shall be made as per the requirements of Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 and other applicable laws . 
 
Policy Approval  
 
This Policy was approved by the Board of Directors of Shree Cement at its meeting held on 22nd 
May 2023  and supersedes all prior policies in this  matter.  
 
 

=== Code_of_Conduct_Policy ===

                                                                                                                                                                   
Version: 01, Document  Owner: Head of H uman Resources  
 
Proprietary information of Shree Cement Limited  
Ref.: P02 
Code of Conduct (Shree ’s way of doing Business)  
 
Introduction  
 
Shree Cement Limited ( ‘SCL’/’Shree Cement ’/’Company ’) believes that building trust comes 
from ethical practices and intends its employees and senior management personnel to follow the 
path of ethical conduct. It, therefore, recognises the importance of having a common minimum 
set of standards of behaviour for its employees at work and with external stakeholders. This code 
of conduct (‘Code of Conduct ’) (shall also be called the ‘Shree ’s way of doing business ’) acts 
as a guidance for all SCL employees and sets the general business expectation of them. This 
Code of Conduct also acts as SCL ’s policy on Ethics, Transparency and Accountability.  
 
Coverage  
 
This Code of Conduct is applicable to all employees and senior management personnel of Shree 
Cement Limited and all its subsidiaries across geographies (hereina fter referred as ‘Covered 
Person ’). All other stakeholders of the Company are encouraged to comply with the principles of 
this Code of Conduct. To ensure accountability, i t shall be mandatory for each of the employees 
and senior management personnel of the  Company to affirm compliance with this Code of 
Conduct on an annual basis. Such affirmation shall be given in format given in Annexure – A to 
this Code of Conduct.  
 
Outsider ’s Recourse  
 
No external party or outsider shall have any right to action on the C ompany ’s directors or 
employees for the non -compliance of this Code of Conduct.  
 
Categories of Conduct  
 
The Code of Conduct of the Company has been categorised in following categories of human 
conduct which all the covered persons are expected to demonstrate:  
 
a) Conflict of Interest  
b) Personal Conduct  
c) Workplace conduct  
d) Conduct with external stakeholders  
 
To elaborate the categories, a non -exhaustive list of acceptable & non -acceptable behaviours 
across a wide range of situations have been illustrated below. The covered persons are expected 
to take a cue from these indicative behaviours and situations and use h is/her judgement to act 
with utmost integrity while faced with variety of situations and contexts that he/she comes across 
in his/her work -a-day life.  
 
Further to this Code of Conduct, SCL has developed other policies as well for regulating various 
aspect s of its activities. Compliance with this Code of Conduct shall not absolve the covered 
persons from compliance with provisions of those policies which shall be in addition to compliance 
of this Code of Conduct.  
 
 
                                                                                                                                                                    
Version: 01, Document  Owner: Head of H uman Resources  
 
Proprietary information of Shree Cement Limited  
Ref.: P02 
a) Conflict of Interest  
 
 Each covered person  shall ensure that if there is a perceived conflict of interest in a 
transaction, e.g. the vendor is “personally known ” to individual, he/ she shall inform his/her 
interest to the team/ individual concerned and his/her manager and refrain from being part of  
the decision making process.  
 No covered person  shall indulge in any action that may be construed as conflict of interest 
e.g. insider trading, personal investment in Business Partners/ Competition, etc.  
 No covered person shall indulge in any action that  may be construed as antitrust / anti -
competitive practices; Money -laundering and related dealing etc.  
 No covered person, without seeking prior consent of the Company ’s management, shall hold 
any employment / management / consulting / director position ou tside of Shree Cement 
Limited.  
 Covered persons  shall not hold any commercial interest in any organization doing business 
with SCL. Covered person  shall not have any personal interest / gain in purchase of equipment 
like HEMM equipment, trucks, tractors, v ehicles, etc. or any other equipment acquired by SCL 
for business purpose.  
 No covered person  will share any profit or losses in any form of business entity either doing 
or seeking to do business with SCL.  
 No covered person  will contest any election during the employment without written permission 
of the management.  
 Covered person shall not use organization time and resources for personal gain e.g. internet 
surfing, use of infrastructure etc.  
 Covered persons shall not discl ose any confidential information, policy, data, technology & 
systems, drawings, process chart etc. to anyone without the permission of the SCL 
management.  
 
b) Personal Conduct  
 
 Every covered person under this code of conduct, shall abide by and comply with a ll 
applicable laws of the territory in which SCL has its operations including the internal policies 
and procedures notified by SCL.  
 All covered persons will obey all matters relating to service condition, rules and regulations of 
the company as modified an d changed from time to time by the management.  
 All covered persons shall conduct themselves in fair and dignified manner while interacting 
and dealing with others.  
 Covered persons shall not discriminate other employees or workers and abide by principles 
specified in Non -discrimination and Anti -harassment policy of the company.  
 Covered person shall provide proper, fair and accurate representation of the information 
available with him/her to the best of his/her knowledge, experience and qualification.  
 Every  covered person shall maintain harmonious relationship with all other employees, 
workers and other stakeholders of the Company with due professionalism.  
 Every covered person shall pursue excellence in all spheres of his/her activities and strive to 
achiev e the highest quality, effectiveness and dignity in their professional work  
 
c) Workplace Conduct and conduct with external stakeholders  
 
 Every covered person shall take decisions and undertake all activities in the best interest of 
the Company.                                                                                                                                                                     
Version: 01, Document  Owner: Head of H uman Resources  
 
Proprietary information of Shree Cement Limited  
Ref.: P02 
 Every covered person shall secure and protect physical, financial and intellectual property/ 
assets, interests of the organization by observing the discipline of internal controls.  
 Every covered person  shall respect and protect the confidential informatio n and intellectual 
property of the Company that has been made available to him/ her for discharge of his/her 
responsibilities in the Company.  
 All covered persons shall ensure safe and secure working environment for themselves and 
others by observing disci pline on internal guidelines.  
 Each covered person, who comes across or handles confidential data about the 
organization, business and personnel working within the organization, must maintain 
confidentiality of information (e.g. acquisition plan, personal details, health record, family, 
performance, etc.) and share the same only with authorized personnel for legitimate 
purposes.  
 Every covered person  will lend all support and assistance for Company ’s court proceedings/ 
legal cases to the best extent possibl e way as per management directions.  
 Every covered person shall encourage and support professional development of fellow 
employees by providing necessary assistance and cooperation, thus enhancing the quality of 
working.  
 Every covered person  shall ensure to maintain proper disciplined media approach while 
representing and interacting on behalf of SCL on social media as per the guidelines and 
instructions of the management.  
 Every covered person  shall ensure that their interactions and transactions with cus tomers and 
partners are transparent, professional and leave a positive image of the Company and its 
businesses.  
 Any disclosure of organization information informally to the media shall constitute violation of 
Code of Conduct.  
 All covered persons shall bri ng to attention, in case they notice infringement of intellectual 
property of the Company such as misuse of logo, misrepresentation of product, malicious 
propaganda, etc.  
 
Violations of Code of Conduct  
 
Any instance of non -compliance with this code of co nduct can be reported through grievance 
mechanism as defined in the Stakeholder Engagement Policy of SCL.  
 
Communication  
 
This Code of Conduct shall be uploaded on the corporate website of the Company for 
information of all and ensuring compliance with pr ovisions of this Code of Conduct.  
 
Roles and Responsibilities  
 
SCL expects all the covered persons to fulfil their roles and responsibilities in implementation of 
this code of conduct. The Head of human resources function is responsible for overlooking 
implementation of the policy.  
 
Approval  
This Code of Conduct was approved by the Board of Directors of the Company in its meeting 
held on 22nd May 2023 . 
 
                                                                                                                                                                    
Version: 01, Document  Owner: Head of H uman Resources  
 
Proprietary information of Shree Cement Limited  
Ref.: P02 
 
 
Compliance with Code of Conduct  
 
I acknowledge that I have read the Shree ’s Way of doing Business (Code of Conduct) and 
understand my obligations as an employee / senior management personnel.  
 
I undertake to uphold the provisions of this Code of Conduct and comply with the principles sta ted 
and implicit in the current Code of Conduct (including any amendments in the future.)  
 
Signature: ________________ Date: ______________________  
Name: _____________________ Empl ID: _____________________  
 
 
 

=== Corporate_Environmental_Policy ===

                                                                                                                                                                   
Version: 01, Policy Owner: Head of Corporate Environment  
 
Proprietary information of Shree Cement Limited  
Ref.: P09 
CORPORATE ENVIRONMENT AL POLICY  
 
Scope and Applicability  
 
The Policy (Corporate Environmental Policy) is applicable to all units of Shree Cement as well 
as entities on whom Shree Cement Limited (SCL) exercises direct operational, and financial 
control. The applicability of this policy is also extended to SCL’s va lue chain, distribution, 
suppliers, vendors, and logistics partners. While these partners are expected to conform with 
the commitments mentioned in this policy, they are expected to have a similar Policy of their 
own.  
Shree Cement Limited is committed to ensure Clean, Green, Healthy and Sustainable 
Environment through the following:  
 
 Compliance with all the applicable environmental laws, regulations and legislations.  
 Implementation of Environmental Management System across the organization.  
 Efficient use of natural resources, energy, water, plant and equipment.  
 Reduction in stack emissions, noise, waste and greenhouse gas emissions.  
 Limiting the dependence on coal -based power by increasing share of renewable energy 
in total power consumption.  
 Promoting cir cular economy through reuse and recycling of waste, use of alternate fuel 
and alternate raw materials.  
 Carry out an environmental due diligence of our potential business mergers and 
acquisitions.  
 Assess the risk posed by water scarcity or lack thereof, before commencing operations 
on a particular site.  
 Regularly track the water consumption across operations and reduce stress on water 
resources through implementation of water saving initiatives as well as water recharge 
initiatives (such as rainwater harvesting).  
 Review and ensure continual improvement in environmental performance with 
implementation of proper systems  
 To minimize  environmental risks and impacts due to operations, across the value chain 
and in local community.  
 Developing and enhancing green cover and conservation of biodiversity with an aim of 
achieving Net Positive Impact on biodiversity.  
 Aim to achieve no net deforestation as part of our operation.  
 Avoid operations near environmen tally sensitive regions and protected areas which hold 
high biodiversity value. In situations, where we have no alternative but to operate close 
to an ecologically or biodiversity sensitive area, implement mitigation hierarchy (avoid, 
minimize, restore, an d offset).  
 Engagement with Stakeholders including employees, customers, vendors, peers etc. on 
environmental issues and enhancing awareness.                                                                                                                                                                     
Version: 01, Policy Owner: Head of Corporate Environment  
 
Proprietary information of Shree Cement Limited  
Ref.: P09 
 Encourage value chain partners to have effective environmental policy, comply with 
applicable environment related laws and undertake environment protection initiatives to 
promote greater environmental responsibility and improve their environmental 
performances.  
 Reporting of environmental performance and non -compliances (if any) as and when 
occurs to the management.  
 Communication and awareness sessions for internal and external stakeholders, including 
employees, on environmental policy and environmental impacts.  
 
Roles & Responsibilities  
We have established and implemented EMS at all our locations within the organizational 
boundaries. Respective unit heads are responsible for implementation of policy at unit level, in 
consultation with corporate environment team. The head of corporate envi ronment team oversees 
effectiveness of initiatives implemented across operations. Briefing on environmental matters is 
communicated to the management and Board of Directors as per requirement.  
Any non -compliance with reference to implementation of the pol icy can be reported through 
grievance mechanism defined in Stakeholder Engagement Policy of SCL.  
Approval  
This policy was approved by the Board of Directors of Shree Cement Limited at its meeting held 
on 22nd May 2023  and supersedes all prior communicatio ns in this matter.  
 
 
 

=== Code_of_Practices_and_Procedure_for_Fair_Disclosure_of_Unpublished_Price_Sensitive_Information ===

· 5hree I Cement 
SHREE CEMENT LIMITED 
CIN NO.-L26943RJI979PLC001935 
Code of Practices and Procedure for Fair Disclosure of Unpublished 
Price Sensitive Information 
[As envisaged under Regulation 8(1) SEDI (Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations, 2015) 
Principles of Fair Disclosure for purposes of Code of Practices and Procedures for Fair Disclosure of 
Unpublished Price Sensitive Information 
1. The Company will make prompt public disclosure of unpublished price sensitive information 
that would impact price discovery no sooner than credible and concrete information comes 
into being in order to make such information generally available. 
2. The company will make, uniform and universal dissemination of unpublished price sensitive 
unpublished price sensitive information to avoid selective disclosure. 
3. The compliance officer of the company will be chief investor relations officer to deal with 
dissemination of information and disclosure of unpublished price sensitive information. 
4. The company shall make Prompt dissemination of unpublished price sensitive information 
that gets disclosed selectively, inadvertently or otherwise to make such information generally 
available. 
5. The company will provide appropriate and fair response to queries on news reports and 
requests for verification of market rumours by regulatory authorities. 
6. The company will ensure that information, if shared, with analysts and research personnel are 
not unpublished price sensitive information. 
7. The company will make or records of proceedings of meetings with analysts and other investor 
relations conferences on the official website to ensure official confirmation and 
documentation of disclosures made. 
8. The company will handle all unpublished price sensitive information on a need-to-know basis. 
9. lpolicy for determination of Legitimate Purpose: No Person shall procure from or cause the 
communication by any insider of unpublished price sensitive information, relating to the 
company except in furtherance of legitimate purposes, performances of duties or discharge 
of legal obligations. 
The term "legitimate purposes" shall include sharing of unpublished price sensitive 
information in the ordinary course of business by an insider with partners, collaborators, 
lenders, customers, suppliers, merchant bankers, legal advisors, auditors, insolvency 
professionals or other advisors or consultants, provided that such sharing has not been carried 
out to evade or circumvent the prohibitions of the SEBI (Prohibition of Insider Trading) 
Regulations as amended from time to time. 
Any person in receipt of unpublished price sensitive information pursuant to a "legitimate 
purpose" will be considered an "insider" for the purposes of the Regulations and due notice 
shall be given to such person to maintain the confidentiality of UPSI. 
1. Applicable w.eJ. 1'1 April, 2019 [As per SEBI Prohibition of Insider Trading (Amendment) Regulations, 2018] 

=== CSR_Policy ===

 
 
 
SHREE CEMENT LIMITED  
 
 
Page 1 of 8 
 
Samaj Seva (Corporate Social Responsibility) Policy  
 
1. Vision , Objective  and Scope of the Policy  
 
Shree  Cement Ltd ( ‘Shree ’ or ‘SCL ’ or ‘the Company ’) believes that for its operations and 
growth to be sustainable, it has to be responsible. Its progress is thus underlined by strict adherence 
to environment preservation, social upliftment and financial prudence. Shree believes in making 
social development  as an integral part of its business activities so as to bring about a meaningful 
change in the lives of people associated with it. Shree consider s social responsibility as a voluntary 
act rather than an additional activity mandated by statute. It has ther efore named it as ‘Samaj Seva ’. 
This Samaj Seva or Corporate Social Responsibility policy  (‘Policy ’) considers this vision in its 
scope and implementation.  
 
Shree aims to keep all its stakeholders happy and prospering. Its objective i s therefore to work 
towards creating happy and harmonious relationship with the people and communities in the 
vicinity of its operation. The ‘Samaj Seva ’ or ‘CSR’  programmes will focus supporting needy 
people of the society for their upliftment and thus may include people / pro grams which may not 
be related to its operations. The board areas of CSR activities identified for being taken up by 
Shree are detailed in Annex –A to this Policy  which are also aligned to Schedule VII to the 
Companies Act, 2013 (as amended from time -to-time) (‘ the Act’ ). This will, however, keep 
changing depending upon need assessment and periodic review by the management of Shree.  
 
2. Mandate of Corporate Social Res ponsibility  
 
SCL fulfills the criteria laid down under  Section 135 of the Act and is hence required to spend at-
least 2% of its average net profit of last three  financial  years towards eligible CSR activities as 
specified under  Companies (Corporate Social Responsibility Policy) Rules, 2014  (as amended 
from time -to-time) (‘the Rules’) and Schedule VII to the Ac t. 
 
The objective of this Policy is  to provide an overall framework, principles and guidelines to the 
Company for conduct ing CSR activities in line with Section 135 of the Act and the Rules and other  
applicable laws and regulations, as amended from time to time.  
 
3. Board Committee  
 
The Board of Directors of the Company has formed a Corporate Social and Business 
Responsibility Committee (‘CSR Committee’ / ‘Committee’ ) of the Board which shall oversee 
the CSR activities of the Company and implementation thereof  as required under the Act . The 
Committee shall suggest ways in which the amount on CSR  activities can be incurred considering 
locational needs, type of activities, expected benefits, statutory requirements , etc. 
 
The CSR Committee shall meet at least once in a year to review annual action plan and monitor 
the CSR projects/programmes. The qu orum shall be two members. In case of urgent matters, the   
 
 
SHREE CEMENT LIMITED  
 
 
Page 2 of 8 
 
Committee may resolve to pass the same through circulation.  For operational convenience, the 
Committee may also delegate its power, authority, role and responsibility to any Director of the 
Company  or any sub -committee of the Directors/ management.  
 
The Committee shall meet as frequently as desired, to review policies, discuss the budget and 
strategy, review project progress and set the direction for the future.  
 
4. Identification of projects  and Modalities of Project Execution  
 
The scope of activities which, the Company will undertake towards fulfillment of its CSR 
obligations shall  be in line wit h Schedule VII of the Act.  
 
Efforts will be made for ensuring participation of all relevant stak eholders in identifying social 
development interventions which will include consultation with the relevant stakeholders and 
understanding their requirements and needs. As far as possible efforts will also be  made  to co -
ordinate with  similar  CSR  activi ties that  are  taken  up  by  Govt. / other agencies. Thus, the 
Company shall seek to form partnerships and work in collaboration with local / state Governments 
and their agencies, District Authorities, village panchayats, NGOs and other likeminded agenci es 
to widen its reach and leverage upon the collective expertise and experience of these agencies. 
Shree will also consider projects outside its local periphery in distant areas if the issues sought to 
be addressed are considered to be worthy of interventi on. Such projects may be undertaken by the 
Company or through outside implementing agency (ies). 
 
The CSR Committee, while formulating the Annual Action Plan and recommending to the Board, 
will accord priority to projects in the s pecific areas of the Compan y as mentioned above. The CSR 
activities specified under this Policy would be undertaken only in India and the preference s hall 
be given to the local area and/or areas in the vicinity, where the Company op erates, for spending 
the amount earmarked for CSR a ctivities.  
 
5. Formulation of Annual Action Plan  
 
(a) The Management shall place before the CSR Committee as well as before the Board, the  
Annual Action Plan at the first Meeting of the Financial Year wherein the annual accounts  
of the Company shall be considered  for approval which may be amended from time to  time 
as recommended by the CSR Committee and approved by the Board.  
 
(b) The Annual Action Plan shall include the following : 
 
i. the list of CSR activities that are approved to be undertaken in the  areas or subjects  
specified in Schedule VII of the Act;  
ii. the manner of execution of such projects or programmes as specified in Rule 4(1)  of 
the Rules;  
iii. the modalities of utilisation of funds and implementation schedules for the  projects or 
programmes;   
 
 
SHREE CEMENT LIMITED  
 
 
Page 3 of 8 
 
iv. monitoring and reporti ng mechanism for the projects or programmes; and  
v. details of need and impact assessment, if any, for the projects undertaken by the  
company . 
 
(c) The Board may alter such plan at any time during the financial year, as per the  
recommendation of its CSR Committee  or may delegate the power of the alternation of the  
plan to Environment Social and Governance Committee ( ‘ESG Committee ’)/ Executive 
Director of the Company. However, the duly modified plan shall be placed before the CSR 
Committee and Board at the end of  the year  for its noting . 
 
6. Additional Projects and activities  
 
Apart from activities incorporated in Annexure – A to this Policy, other projects may also be taken 
up by the ESG Committee and the Senior Management. These projects will be considered on case -
to-case basis to ascertain if they are worthy of intervention by the Company either by Company 
itself or through providing support to outside implementing agency.  
 
Provided that if the Company, decides to underta ke its CSR activities through a Company 
established under section 8 of the Act or a registered trust or a registered society, registered under 
section 12A and 80 G of the Income Tax  Act, 1961 other than those specified hereinabove, s uch 
Company or trust or society shall have an establish ed track record of three years in undertaking 
similar programs or projects  and fulfils the eligibility requirements mentioned under the Rules or 
any other provision of the Act . The Company will implement adequate monitoring mechanism to 
ensure that Company ’s contribution is utilized in line with the instructions of the Company and a 
progress report is submitted by the implementing agency to this effect.  
 
The Company will ensure that the projects / activities  fall within the purview of the activities as 
speci fied in the Rules. Any such major project shall be put up before the Board for its perusal and 
approval. A consolidated list of other such projects considered on case to case basis may also be 
presented to the Board for information.   
   
7. Organisational  mechanism , implementation  responsibilities  and Performance 
Management  
 
A dedicated ‘Samaj Seva ’ team for undertaking various initiatives related to CSR activities 
included in this Policy  has been engaged . This team has representatives appointed at each lo cation 
who are responsible for implementation of the  initiatives/  projects.  
 
ESG Committee and Senior Management of the Company  shall give the direction and exercise 
supervision for effective implementation of the CSR activities. In case of social activities or 
projects, that are outside the local periphery of Shree’s operations, are undert aken by outside  
implementation  agency  eligible under Rule 4 of the Rules to undertake CSR activities , then it shall 
be ensured that the expenses are incurred by t he implementing agency as per the instructions and  
 
 
SHREE CEMENT LIMITED  
 
 
Page 4 of 8 
 
on the activities as specified by the Company.  To the extent possible, Samaj Seva team or other 
Company officials is also engaged in supervision and monitoring of CSR projects.  
 
The implementing agencies, shall keep the Company informed about the utilization of funds to the 
Company from time to time. The Chief Finance Officer or any other officer responsible for 
financial management of the Company shall certify on annual basis to the Board and CSR 
Committee on proper utilization of CSR funds for stated objectives. Where the CSR amount spent 
results or resulted in creation or acquisition of capital a sset, the Company shall inform to the CSR 
Committee about the entity holding the cap ital asset in accordance with the Rules  at appropriate 
time. 
 
In respect of all projects / activities involving outlay of INR 1.00 Crore or more , the Company shall 
carry out impact assessment studies of such projects through an independent agency within one  
year of their completion. Company shall select such projects in terms of outlay involved on 
relevant geographical area/ operational unit . 
 
8. Information dissemination and Policy Communication  
 
Company's engagement in CSR activities shall be disseminated through its annual reports, 
Corporate Sustainability Reports, in -house journals and media. Further the composition of CSR 
Committee,  this Policy  and approved CSR projects shall be  uploaded on the Company ’s website.  
 
9. Review of Policy  
 
The CSR policy shall be subject to review /amendment  by the Board at the instance of the CSR 
Committee . Any amendments in the  Act or Rules or any applicable law  including any 
clarifications/ circulars of relevant regulator, if mandatory, shall be read in conjunction with this 
Policy such that the Policy shall automatically reflect the contemporaneous applic able l aw at the 
time of its implementation . 
 
***********   
 
 
SHREE CEMENT LIMITED  
 
 
Page 5 of 8 
 
ANNEX URE  – A 
 
The CSR activities of the Company shall, amongst other activities, include the following:  
  
i. Eradicating hunger, poverty and malnutrition, promoting preventive health care and 
sanitation including contribution to the Swach Bharat Kosh set -up by the Central 
Government for the promotion of sanitation  and making available safe drinking water  
 
a. Providi ng health care facilities through Shree Health Management Centre  established at 
its manufacturing locations  including arranging ambulance services ; 
b. Financial aid/ other items provided to hospitals/ health m anagemen t centres / 
dispensaries/  Anganwadi centre s, etc.  for improving healthcare facilities ; 
c. Arranging health check -up/ surgical camps  for public in general ; 
d. Undertaking special initiatives for pregnant women for ensuring proper institutionalized 
delivery and care for their new -born children;  
e. Expenses on special treatment of under -privileged people ; 
f. Financial help  to dependents of people suffer casualty / fatality nearby Company’s plants;  
g. Creating awareness about proper hygiene and sanitization practice for p romoting 
preventive health care ;  
h. Other healt h related activities e.g. diagnostic assistance, treatment, ambulance, 
distribution of medicines , etc.; 
i. Financial contribution or pro -bono assistance to local bodies, district administration, 
State and Central Government to support situations of natural ca lamity, manmade 
disasters, mass disruption, pandemic, epidemic, etc. including contribution to fund set -
up for such purposes by relevant authorities;  
j. Arranging safe d rinking water supply through water tanks, construction / repairing of 
water system / water  tanks /  / water huts / installation of RO, etc.; 
k. Supply of company’s products or services, incidental or ancillary, on free -of-cost or 
concessional basis for any of the above purposes;  
l. Any other activity which may be permitted . 
 
ii. Promoting education, including special education and employment enhancing vocation 
skills especially among children, women, elderly and the differently able and livelihood 
enhancement projects  
 
a. Assisting school education through company run schools in nearby areas including 
financial assistance school s around the plant premises ; 
b. Expenses on providing education to non -school going children  and providing teaching 
support e.g. coaching classes, extra -curriculum activities for  . 
c. Providing help to nearby  schools in the form of:  
o construction/ repairing work / infrastructure support  
o providing stools / desk/ furniture to schools  
o Providing computers/  books/  stationery/ other education items   
 
 
SHREE CEMENT LIMITED  
 
 
Page 6 of 8 
 
o Promoting celebration of special days/ event of national importance through items/ 
sweets , distribution etc .; 
d. Financial aid for training on vocational courses  including providing in -house training to 
students undertaking professional courses ; 
e. Providing s cholarships for bright / needy students, arranging study tours , etc.; 
f. Promoting computer lit eracy through establishment of computer literacy centres , running 
computer classes  or otherwise in any manner ; 
g. Imparting skill development training and providing means and equipment for p romoting 
livelihood enhancement activities to needy ; 
h. Providing employ ability trainings to masons to improve their knowledge and skill about 
construction techniques and practices;  
i. Organizing events, seminars, visits for increasing public awareness and knowledge about 
civic rights and duties, issues of mass importance includi ng consumer awareness 
initiative in general;  
j. Supply of company’s products or services, incidental or ancillary, on free -of-cost or 
concessional basis for any of the above purposes;  
k. Any other activity which may permitted.  
 
iii. Promoting gender equality, empowering women, setting up homes and hostels for 
women and orphans; setting up old age homes, day care centers and such other facilities 
for senior citizens and measures for reducing inequalities faced by socially and 
economically backward groups  
 
a. Financ ial help for running of old age centres / orphanages / day care centres ; 
b. Helping old age people / socially and economically backward people through medical 
aid, safety and security, legal assistance and other supporting activities ; 
c. Financial aid for infras tructure/ house construction to poor/  orphans ; 
d. Provide financial support or in -kind support on marriage of girl of families under below -
poverty line residing nearby its manufacturing facilities;  
e. Providing financial assistance on birth of girl child in fami lies under below -poverty line 
to improve gender ratio;  
f. Organizing training and running various income generating activities for benefit women 
of nearby communities for their empowerment;  
g. Support to Self -Help Groups for benefit of rural women and arrange or ientation programs 
on functioning of SHG;  
h. Helping marginal farmers through financial aid towards agriculture equipment, 
distribution of seeds and arranging exposure visits to improve their farming knowledge ; 
i. Distribution of food, blankets, clothes and othe r daily essentials to needy , orphans, 
persons  of marginalized communities in nearby vicinity;  
j. Any other activity which may be permitted.  
 
iv. Ensuring environmental sustainability, ecological balance, protection of flora and 
fauna, animal welfare, agro forestry, conservation of natural resources and  
 
 
SHREE CEMENT LIMITED  
 
 
Page 7 of 8 
 
maintaining quality of soil, air and water  including contribution to the Clean Ganga 
Fund set -up by the Central Government for rejuvenation of river Ganga  
 
a. Creating awareness  among nearby communities specially children and students  towards 
protection of e nvironment ; 
b. Undertaking tree/ sapling plantation  activities in nearby vicinities including post 
plantation care and protect  flora and fauna ; 
c. Construction of water harvesting structures, water recharging systems , etc. to conserve 
water;  
d. Promotion and installation of solar lights in nearby villages and vi cinity;  
e. Support for animal welfare in form of development of living space,  sheds, drinking water 
facilities, etc.  
f. Financial contribution to local gram panchayat for undertaking various activities of 
environment protection;  
g. Undertaking various a ctivities related to natural resources conservation , improving 
environment and promoting sustainability;  
h. Any other activity which may be permitted.  
 
v. Protection of national heritage, art and culture including restoration of buildings and 
sites of historical  importance and works of art; setting up public libraries; promotion 
and development of traditional arts and handicrafts  
 
a. Providing financial assistance / support  to various cultural institutions ; 
b. Conservation and p romoti on of local culture and tradition through financial aid for 
organizing local fairs,  function s, events,  etc. 
c. Financial contribution for construction, restoration, repair or protect sites and buildings 
of historical importance including famous religious places;  
d. Sponsoring and supporting events  organized by various institutions, private bodies that 
promote literature, music, poetry, folk, art, etc. and encourages artists, writers, musicians , 
etc. to showcase their talent;  
e. Organizing talk shows, discussion events on topics of national and general  importance to 
create public awareness  
f. Promoting culture through jhankis and cultural events depicting mythological stories and 
characters of ancient Indian culture including promotion of Indian culture on anniversary 
of temple located at Shree premises ; 
g. Any other activity which may be permitted . 
 
vi. Measures for the benefit of armed forces veterans, war widows and their dependents , 
Central Armed  Police Forces (CAPF) and Central Para Military Forces (CPMF) 
veterans, and their dependents including  widows  
 
a. Financial assistance to war widows, dependents of war deceased  and families of armed 
forces martyred during army operations;  
b. Assistance and financial contribution to institutions helping war veterans ;  
 
 
SHREE CEMENT LIMITED  
 
 
Page 8 of 8 
 
c. Supply of company’s products or services, incidental or  ancillary, on free -of-cost or 
concessional basis for any of the above purposes;  
d. Any other activity which may be permitted  
 
vii. Training to promote rural sports, nationally recognized sports, paralympics sports and 
olympic sports  
    
a. Providing d irect contribu tion / financial aid for undertaking sporting activit ies in nearby 
vicinities / in school ; 
b. Providing f inancial aid/ donation of sport ing equipment to needy people  for training and 
pursuing sporting career;  
c. Financial c ontribution and support to organizations  engaged in promoting sports  in 
general;  
d. Any other activity which may be permitted  
 
viii. Rural development projects  
 
a. Undertaking c onstruction and repairing of roads (bituminous or cemented),  pavements , 
culverts in nearby villages and communities of its operatio nal facilities;  
b. Undertaking c onstruction of assets for community usage e.g. community halls , bus 
waiting sheds, cremation places, pathway, safety way , boundary walls  and other such 
work for rural infrastructure  development;  
c. Construction / painting/ repair of rural facilities/ offices including gov ernment offices  for 
infrastructure improvement for ensuing better public delivery services;  
d. Any other activity which may be permitted.  
 
ix. disaster management, including relief, rehabilitation and reconstruction activities  
 
a. Financial contribution to National or State Disaster Management Authority;  
b. Providing support for relief, rehabilitation and reconstruction activities for people/ 
victims affected by natural or manmade disasters ; 
c. Any other activity which may be permitted.  
 
The above list is illustrative and not exhaustive . 

=== Determination_of_Materiality_Policy ===

 
 
Shree Cement Policy on Determination of Materiality  
1 | Page  
 
 
1. Preamble  
 
There are some information/events concerning the Company/Company’s Sector, which are price sensitive and are expected to have a material effect on the price or value of securities of the Company in the stock market. Hence, prompt disclosure of such information to the Stock Exchanges is necessary as per SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“Listing Regulations ”). Regulation 30(4) of the Listing 
Regulations require  every listed entity to frame a policy for determination of  materiality of 
events and information that requires appropriate disclosure to the stock exchanges. T his 
Policy, therefore, seeks to determine inter -alia what constitutes the material event/information 
for the Company, which requires prompt disclosure.  
 
2. Scope of the Policy   
 
This Policy is applicable to Shree Cement Ltd.  
 
3. Criteria for determination of materiality of events/ information  
 The Company shall follow the following criteria for determination of materiality of the 
Information:  
(a) the omission of an event or information, which is likely to result in discontinuity or 
alteration of event or information already available publicly; or   
(b) the omission of an event or information is likely to result in significant market reaction if the said omission came to light at a later date; or  
 
(c) the omission of an event or information, whose value or the expected impact in terms of value, exceeds the lower of the following
: 
 
(i) two percent of turnover, as per the last audited consolidated financial statements of the listed entity; 
(ii)  two percent of net worth, as per the last audited consolidated financial statements     
of the listed entity, except in case the arithmetic value of the net worth is negative;  
(iii) five percent of the average of absolute value of profit or loss after tax, as per the last three audited consolidated financial statements of the listed entity . 
 
(d) In case, where the criteria specified in sub- clause (a) , (b) and (c)  are not applicable, an 
event/information may be treated as being material if in the opinion of the board of directors of the Company, the event/information is considered material.  
     
 
Shree Cement Policy on Determination of Materiality  
2 | Page  
 
4. Material Events / Material Information  
 
(a) Events/Information as set out in Para A of Part A of Sched ule III read with Regulation 
30 of the Listing Regulations  without application for guidelines for materiality specified 
in sub section (4) of the Listing Regulation 30.  
(b) Events/Information shall be considered material subject to the application of the criteria 
for determination of materiality of events/  information in line with Para B, C & D of Part 
A of Schedule III read sub section (4) of the Listing Regulation 30.  
 
Further, in case of any event /information not falling under the above but may be treated as 
material shall also be evaluated based in the threshold criteria mentioned under Para 3 of this 
Policy.  
The Company  shall disclose all events or information with respect to its subsidiaries which 
are material for the Company in accordance with the requirements of the Listing Regulations . 
5. Timeline for Disclosure of information to Stock Exchanges  
 
Disclosure of the events/information shall be made within the timelines prescribed under the 
Listing Regulations , as amended from time to time.  
6. Identification of relevant employees  
 The Company has laid down guidelines to identify relevant employees who shall be 
responsible to report the happening of a potential material event / information to the authorized KMP for determination and disclosure of the same to the stock exchanges.  
 
7. Officers responsible for determining materiality of an event/ information 
 The Managing Director , Company Secretary, Chief Finance Officer and such other executives 
of the Company  as may be specified from time to time.  
 
8. Review and amendment  
 The Policy shall be reviewed as and when required to ensure that it meets the objectives of the Statutory Provisions and remains effective. This Policy shall be reviewed periodically and may be amended by the Managing Director of the Company, as may be deemed necessary.  
 
9. Interpretation  
 
In case of any conflict between the provisions of this Policy and of Statutory Provisions, the Statutory Provisions shall prevail over this Policy. Any subsequent amendment/ modification in the Statutory Provisions shall automatically apply to this Policy  till the amendments / review 
are carried out in this Policy . 
 
******  

=== Dividend_Distribution_Policy ===

Yo
pa
co
 Th
pr
e
ind
ex
 
Th
theRegd. O
Ph
E‐Mail: 
ur com
y out tr
nfident 
e yearl
evalent 
dustry s
pendit u
e retai n
e expa nOffice: Bang
one: EPAB X
shreebwr @
D
pany ha
rack rec
of main
ly out 
macr o
specific 
ure prog
ned earn
nsion of SHREE 
gur Nagar, B
X +91‐1462‐
@shreecem
CIN: L269
Dividen d
as unint
cord sin
ntainin g
go of 
o econ o
scenari
gram un
nings as
busine s
CEMENT 
BEAWAR‐30
‐228101‐6, 
entltd.com
943RJ1979 P
d Distri
 
errupt e
nce 2000
g the sam
divide n
omic co
o. It als
der imp
s in past
ss. 
 
LIMITED
05 901, Dist
Fax: +91‐14
Website: w
PLC001935
bution P
ed and i
0‐01. Th
me. 
nd is d
onditio n
so depe
plemen t
t, shall a
tt. Ajmer (Ra
462‐22811 7
www.shree c
Policy 
ncreasi n
he man
epend e
ns as w
nds on 
tation.
always bajasthan) 
7/119 
cement.in 
ng divid
ageme n
ent on 
well as 
the cap
be usedend 
nt is 
the 
the 
pital 
d for 

=== Human_Rights ===

                                                                                                                                                                   
Version: 01, Policy Owner: Head of Human Resources  
 
Proprietary information of Shree Cement Limited  
Ref.: P08  
Human Rights Policy  
 
Shree Cement Limited (hereinafter called as ‘ SCL’ or ‘Shree Cement ’ or ‘the Company ’) believes  
that upholding the tenets of human rights of its people is necessary  in creating long -term value 
for its business and society.  SCL conducts its operations consistent with the applicable local and 
international frameworks, laws and guidelines governing the human rights. This Human Rights 
Policy (hereinafter referred to ‘ the Policy ’) outlines the above commitment of Shree Cement.  
 
Scope   
The Policy is applicable o n all the business activities of the Company including that of its 
subsidiaries . The Board of Directors and employees of the Company are required to ensure 
compliance with the provisions of this Policy. A ll the other stakeholders of the Company such a s 
business partners, joint venture partners, suppliers, customers, community, other external 
stakeholders  etc. are encouraged to comply with principles of the Po licy. 
  
Commitment   
  
SCL endeavors to adhere to the following :  
  
 Treat all its stakeholders, both internal and external, with utmost dignity.   
 Respect all the stakeholders and do not discriminate based on gender, color, race, caste, 
language, religion, political or other opinion, origin, property, birth, disability, age, marital 
status, sexual orientation, economic or social situation, health status.   
 Forbid human trafficking that is, using threat or any illegal means to transfer or recruit a 
person.   
 Prohibit forced labor or any form of involuntary labor and child labor .  
 Maintain compliance of applicable regulatory requirements concerning human rights 
principles . 
 Being an equal opportunity and equal remuneration employer, not to discriminate among  
emplo yees or workers for the same value of work.   
 Commit to provide a safe, hygienic, and healthy working environment for all its employees 
and workers.  Also, ensure that the working hours are in alignment with  applicable laws.   
 Conduct human right s due diligence in order to identify, prevent, mitigate, and account for any 
negative impact s related to  human rights , on employees and workers,  owing to the activities 
of our operations. The due diligence shall cover  commitments to human right s practices 
mentioned in this policy.   
 Carrying out assessment of business partners, suppliers across the value chain on human 
rights principles defined under this policy.  
 Regular review to ensure adherence to human rights policy commitments by all the 
employees.  
 Com municating policy commitments to all relevant stakeholders (including internal and 
external), overcoming any barriers (such as language).  
  
Governance structure, Remediation and Addressal Mechanism   
  
The Head of human resource s function monitors the effe ctiveness and reviews  the 
implementation of this Policy, considering its suitability, adequacy and effectiveness . SCL shall 
conduct trainings and awareness sessions on human rights aspects to enable effective policy 
implementation.  
                                                                                                                                                                    
Version: 01, Policy Owner: Head of Human Resources  
 
Proprietary information of Shree Cement Limited  
Ref.: P08  
Any instances of non -compliance can be reported through the grievance mechanism defined in 
the Stakeholder Engagement Policy of SCL.  
 
Policy Approval  
 
This Policy was approved by the Board of Directors of Shree Cement at its meeting held on 22nd 
May 2023  and supersedes all prior policies in this matter.  
 
 
**** 
 

=== IMS_Policies ===

 
 SHREE CEMENT LTD.  
 
PRODUCT QUALITY AND CUSTOMER SATISFACTION POLICY  
 
 To provide products conforming to applicable standards and meeting customers’ 
requirements to their total satisfaction for overall well being of the society. 
 
 To continually improve performance and effectiveness of quality management system 
by setting and reviewing quality objectives for: 
 Customer satisfaction  
 Cost effectiveness 
 
 Disclose all information truthfully and factually including risk to people and planet 
from use of products 
 
 Educate consumers towards their rights as well as safe and responsible usage of 
product 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Date: 06th August, 2021 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
SHREE CEMENT LTD.  
 
ENVIRONMENT POLICY 
 
 To ensure Clean, green and healthy environment through 
 
 Efficient use of natural resources, energy, plant and equipment 
 Reduction in emissions, noise, waste and green house gases 
 Promotion to Reuse and recycling of wastes  
 Continual improvement in environment management with proper systems to 
prevent, mitigate and control environmental impacts due to operations across the 
value chain and in local community. 
 Building awareness amongst all stakeholders including employees, customers, 
vendors etc. on environmental issues. 
 Green belt development for local biodiversity management and conservation in 
coalition with local communities, authorities and other stakeholders.  
 Compliance of relevant environmental legislations. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Date: 06th August, 2021 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
 
SHREE CEMENT LTD.  
 
 
HEALTH & SAFETY POLICY 
 
 To ensure Good Health and Safe Environment for all stakeholders by: 
 
 Promoting awareness on sound health and safe working practices. 
 Continually improving health & safety Performance by regularly setting and 
reviewing objectives & targets. 
 Identifying and minimizing injury and health hazards by effective risk control 
measures. 
 Complying with all applicable legal and other requirements. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Date: 06th August, 2021 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 SHREE CEMENT LTD.  
 
 
ENERGY POLICY  
 
 To ensure energy sustainability, we are committed to: 
 
 Continual reduction of specific energy consumption. 
 Utilization of alternate and renewable energy sources especially to produce green 
power. 
 Adoption of eco-friendly and more energy efficient technology. 
 Low carbon economy through regular energy audit and implementation of 
corrective actions. 
 Data collection, analysis, monitoring and supporting system for continual bench 
marking and improvement. 
 Compliance of all applicable legal and other requirements. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Date: 06th August, 2021 
  


=== Information_Security_Policy ===

                                                                                                                                                                   
Version: 01, Policy Owner: Head  of IT Security and Digital Activities  
 
Proprietary information of Shree Cement Limited  
Ref.: P03  
Information Security Policy  
Shree Cement ( hereinafter referred  as ‘Shree Cement’ or ‘Company’ ) is on a growth path. In the 
age of digit alization, significant amount of data is generated  across its operations. While 
digitalization helps in improving efficiency, the data becomes vulnerable to IT security incidents. 
The Company believes that information security is required to be managed diligently to ensure 
the business continuity.   
Purpo se 
The purpose of this Policy is to maintain security and confidentiality of information assets owned 
by Shree Cement.  
Scope  
This Policy applies to all the employees of Shree Cement and its subsidiaries, contract workers, 
partners, suppliers, customers, th ird-party and their employees who have access to Shree 
Cement’s premises, systems and information.  
This Policy also applies to all the information, computers and data communication systems 
owned, licensed, and administered by Shree Cement.  
All the people c overed in the scope of this Policy shall comply with the information security 
procedures. Failure to do so shall result in disciplinary action.  
Policy Principles:  
Shree Cement shall:  
 Comply with all the applicable national and international regulatory re quirements related 
to Information Technology and cyber security .  
 Monitor and review risks related to cyber security and take appropriate preventive, 
detective & corrective control measures to mitigate the risk.  
 Implement system back -up procedures at appro priate frequency based on data protection 
requirements.  
 Protect all the hardware and software assets from physical and cyberattacks.  
 Protect confidential information from unauthorized access, use, disclosure, modification, 
and disposal, whether intentiona l or unintentional.  
 Implement strong information management systems.  
 Implement effective information security risk management framework, as part of enterprise 
risk management framework.  
 Structure strong password setting mechanism along with role -based access control to IT 
systems.  
 Protect end points through data leakage prevention.                                                                                                                                                                     
Version: 01, Policy Owner: Head  of IT Security and Digital Activities  
 
Proprietary information of Shree Cement Limited  
Ref.: P03  
 Build and maintain a secure network using firewall configuration having necessary 
capability to protect the IT Asset and information of the company.  
 Establish reporting chann els in case of any suspicious activity with regards to information 
security.  
 Report, investigate and take appropriate actions for all types of information security 
breaches.  
 Implement Incident Response Plan through effective threat detection and remediati on 
capabilities.  
 Promote secured work culture with awareness programs for employees on information 
security.  
 Collaborate with cyber security and data privacy experts to continually improve the 
information security management system.  
 Conduct independent ex ternal verification of IT Infrastructure and v ulnerability  analysis at 
least twice a year.  
 Plan & Implement Business Continuity Procedures & regular testing thereof.  
Governance and Responsibility  
Head of IT Security and Digital activities in the company is responsible for implementation and 
review of this policy. The matters related to information security are communicated to risk 
management committee of the Board of Directors, as part of enterprise risk management 
framework.  
Reporting  of an IT Security Incident  
Any IT Security related incidents can be reported through incident reporting mechanism defined 
by the company.  
Policy Approval  
This Policy was approved by the Board of Directors  of the Company at its meeting held on 22nd 
May 2023  and shall be reviewed periodically.  
 

=== Material_Safety_Data_Sheet ===

 
(Complie 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
s with OSHA and MSHA Haza 
rd Communication Standards, 
29 CFR 1910.1200and 30 CFR Part 47) 
 
 
 
 
SHREE CEMENT LIMITED 
Bangur Nagar,  
Beawar-305901 
Dist: Ajmer, Rajasthan 
 
 
 
 
MATERIAL SAFETY DATA SHEET (MSDS) 
FOR PORTLAND CEMENT 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
Section 1 - IDENTIFICATION 
 
Chemical name and synonyms   Product name 
 
Portland Cement     "OPC 43" 
"OPC 53" 
"PPC" 
 
Chemical family     Formula 
 
Calcium salts.      3CaO.SiO2  
2CaO.SiO2 
3CaO.Al2O2 
4CaO..Al2O3Fe2O3 
CaSO2.2H2O 
Other salts:  Small amounts of MgO, and trace amounts of 
K2SO4 and Na2SO4 may also be present. 
 
Section 2 - COMPONENTS 
 
Hazardous Ingredients 
 
Portland cement clinker for OPC-   approximately - 93.5-96.0 % by weight 
Portland cement clinker for PPC-   approximately – 60.0-81.0 % by weight 
Gypsum -      approximately - 4.0-7.5 % by weight 
Fly Ash -     approximately – 15.0- 35.0% by weight 
 
Trace Ingredients 
 
Trace amounts of naturally occurring chemicals might be detected during chemical 
analysis. Trace constituents may include up to 0.75% insoluble residue, some of 
which may be free crystalline silica, calcium oxide (Also known as lime or quick 
lime), magnesium oxide, potassium sulfate, sodium sulfate, chromium compounds, 
and nickel compounds. 
 
Section 3 - HAZARD IDENTIFICATION 
 
Emergency Overview 
 
Portland cement is a light gray powder that poses little immediate hazard. A single 
short-term exposure to the dry powder is not likely to cause serious harm. However, 
exposure of sufficient duration to wet Portland cement can cause serious, potentially 
irreversible tissue (skin or eye) destruction in the form of chemical (caustic) burns. 
The same type of tissue destruction can occur if wet or moist areas of the body are 
exposed for sufficient duration to dry Portland cement. 
 
  
 
Potential Health Effects 
 
Relevant Routes of Exposure: 
Eye contact, skin contact, inhalation, and ingestion. 
 
Effects Resulting from Eye Contact: 
Exposure to airborne dust may cause immediate or delayed irritation or inflammation. 
Eye contact by large amounts of dry powder or splashes of wet portland cement may 
cause effects ranging frommoderate eye irritation to chemical burns or blindness. 
Such exposures require immediate first aid (see Section 4) and medical attention to 
prevent significant damage to the eye. 
 
Effects Resulting from Skin Contact: 
Discomfort or pain cannot be relied upon to alert a person to hazardous skin exposure. 
Consequently, the only effective means of avoiding skin injury or illness involves 
minimizing skin contact, particularly with wet cement. Exposed persons may not feel 
discomfort until hours after the exposure has ended and significant injury has 
occurred. 
Dry Portland cement contacting wet skin or exposure to moist or wet Portland cement 
may cause more severe skin effects including thickening, cracking or fissuring of the 
skin. Prolonged exposure can cause severe skin damage in the form of (alkali) 
chemical burns. 
Some individuals may exhibit an allergic response upon exposure to Portland cement, 
possibly due to trace elements of chromium. The response may appear in a variety of 
forms ranging from a mild rash to severe skin ulcers. Persons already sensitized may 
react to their first contact with the product. Other persons may first experience this 
effect after years of contact with Portland cement products. 
 
Effects Resulting from Inhalation: 
Portland cement may contain trace amounts of free crystalline silica. Prolonged 
exposure to respirable free silica can aggravate other lung conditions and cause 
silicosis, a disabling and potentially fatal lung disease. 
 
Exposure to portland cement may cause irritation to the moist mucous membranes of 
the nose, throat, and upper respiratory system. It may also leave unpleasant deposits in 
the nose. 
 
Effects Resulting from Ingestion: 
Although small quantities of dust are not known to be harmful, ill effects are possible 
if larger quantities are consumed. Portland cement should not be eaten. 
 
 
Medical conditions which may be aggravated be, inhalation or dermal exposure: 
Pre-existing upper respiratory and lung diseases. 
Unusual (hyper) sensitivity to hexavalent chromium (chromium+6) salts. 
 
  
 
Section 4 - FIRST AID 
 
Eyes 
Immediately flush eyes thoroughly with water. Continue flushing eye for at least 15 
minutes, including under lids, to remove all particles. Call physician immediately. 
 
Skin 
Wash skin with cool water and pH-neutral soap or a mild detergent. Seek medical 
treatment in all cases of prolonged exposure to wet cement, cement mixtures, liquids 
from fresh cement products, or prolonged wet skin exposure to dry cement. 
 
Inhalation of Airborne Dust 
Remove to fresh air. Seek medical help if coughing and other symptoms do not 
subside. 
Ingestion 
Do not induce vomiting. If conscious, have the victim drink plenty of water and call a 
physician immediately. 
 
Section 5 - FIRE AND EXPLOSION DATA 
 
Flash point     None  
LowerExplosive Limit  None 
Upper Explosive Limit               None  
Auto ignition temperature  Not Combustible 
Extinguishing media   Not Combustible  
Special fire fighting Procedures None 
Hazardous combustion products None  
Unusual fire and explosion hazards. None 
 
Section 6 - ACCIDENTAL RELEASE MEASURES 
 
Collect dry material using a scoop. Avoid actions that cause dust to become airborne. 
Avoid inhalation of dust and contact with skin. 
 
Wear appropriate personal protective equipment as described in Section 8. 
 
Scrape up wet material and place in an appropriate container. Allow the material to 
"dry" before disposal. Do not attempt to wash portland cement down drains. 
 
Dispose of waste material according to local, state and federal regulations. 
 
 
 
  
 
Section 7 - HANDLING AND STORAGE 
 
Keep portland cement dry until used. Normal temperatures and pressures do not affect 
the material. 
 
Promptly remove dusty clothing or clothing which is wet with cement fluids and 
launder before reuse. Wash thoroughly after exposure to dust or wet cement mixtures 
or fluids. 
 
Section 8 - EXPOSURE CONTROLS/PERSONAL 
PROTECTION 
 
Skin Protection 
Prevention is essential to avoiding potentially severe skin injury. Avoid contact with 
unhardened portland cement. If contact occurs, promptly wash affected area with soap 
and water. Where prolonged exposure to unhardened portland cement products might 
occur, wear impervious clothing and gloves to eliminate skin contact. Wear sturdy 
boots that are impervious to water to eliminate foot and ankle exposure. 
 
Do not rely on barrier creams: barrier creams should not be used in place of gloves. 
 
Periodically wash areas contacted by dry portland cement or by wet cement or 
concrete fluids with a pH neutral soap. Wash again at the end of work. If irritation 
occurs, immediately wash the affected area and seek treatment. If clothing becomes 
saturated with wet concrete, it should be removed and replaced with clean dry 
clothing. 
 
Respiratory Protection 
Avoid actions that cause dust to become airborne. Use local or general exhaust 
ventilation to control exposures below applicable exposure limits. 
Use approved respirators in poorly ventilated areas, if an applicable exposure limit is 
exceeded, or when dust causes discomfort or irritation.  
 
Ventilation 
Use local exhaust or general dilution ventilation to control exposure within applicable 
limits. 
 
Eye Protection 
Where potentially subject to splashes or puffs of cement, wear safety glasses with side 
shields or goggles. In extremely dusty environments and unpredictable environments 
wear unvented or indirectly vented goggles to avoid eye irritation or injury. 
Contact lenses should not be worn when working with portland cement or fresh 
cement products. 
 
  
 
Section 9 - PHYSICAL AND CHEMICAL, PROPERTIES 
 
Appearance    Gray Powder  
Odor     No distinct odor 
Physical state    Solid (powder)  
pH (in water)    12 to 13 
Solubility in water   Slightly soluble (0.1 to 1.0%)  
Vapor pressure   Not applicable 
Vapor density    Not applicable  
Boiling point    Not applicable (i.e., > 1000 C) 
Melting point    Not applicable  
Specific gravity    (H20 = 1.0).......3.15 
Evaporation rate   Not applicable 
 
Section 10 - STABILITY AND REACTIVITY 
 
Stability 
Stable. 
 
Conditions to avoid 
Unintentional contact with water. 
 
Incompatibility 
Wet Portland cement is alkaline. As such it is incompatible with acids, ammonium 
salts and phosphorous. 
 
Hazardous decomposition 
Will not spontaneously occur. Adding water produces (caustic) calcium hydroxide 
 
Hazardous Polymerization 
Will not occur. 
 
Section 11 - TOXICOLOGICAL INFORMATION 
 
For a description of available, more detailed toxicological information contact the 
supplier or manufacturer. 
 
Section 12 - ECOLOGICAL INFORMATION 
 
Ecotoxicity 
No recognized unusual toxicity to plants or animals 
Relevant physical and chemical properties 
(See Sections 9 and 10.) 
 
  
 
Section 13 - DISPOSAL 
 
Dispose of waste material according to local, state and federal regulations. (Since 
portland cement is stable, uncontaminated material may be saved for future use. 
 
Dispose of bags in an approved landfill or incinerator. 
 
Section 14 - TRANSPORTATION DATA 
 
Hazardous materials description/proper shipping name  
Portland is cement is not  hazardous under Department of Transportation (DOT) 
regulations. 
Hazard class 
Not applicable 
Identification number 
Not applicable. 
Required label text 
Not applicable. 
Hazardous substances/reportable quantities (RQ) 
Not applicable. 
 
Section 15 - OTHER REGULATORY INFORMATION 
 
Portland cement qualifies as a "hazardous substance" with delayed health effects. 
This product contains up to 0.05 percent of chemicals (trace elements) known to the 
State of California to cause cancer, birth defects or other reproductive harm. 
California law requires the manufacturer to give the above warning in the absence of 
definitive testing to prove that the defined risks do not exist. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
Section 16 - OTHER INFORMATION 
 
Other important information 
 
Portland cement should only be used by knowledgeable persons. A key to using the 
product safely requires the user to recognize that portland cement chemically reacts with 
water, and that some of the intermediate products of this reaction (that is those present while 
a portland cement product is "setting") pose a more severe hazard than does dry portland 
cement itself. 
 
While the information provided in this material safety data sheet is believed to 
provide a useful summary of the hazards of Portland cement as it is commonly used, the sheet 
cannot anticipate and provide the all of the information that might be needed in every 
situation. Inexperienced product users should obtain proper training before using this product. 
 
SELLER MAKES NO WARRANTY, EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, CONCERNING THE 
PRODUCT OR THE MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS THEREOF FOR ANY 
PURPOSE OR CONCERNING THE ACCURACY OF ANY INFORMATION PROVIDED 
BY SCL, Inc. except that the product shall conform to contracted specifications. The 
information provided herein was believed by SCL, Inc. to be accurate at the time of 
preparation or prepared from sources believed to be reliable, but it is the responsibility of the 
user to investigate and understand other pertinent sources of information to comply with all 
laws and procedures applicable to the safe handling and use of product and to determine the 
suitability of the product for its intended use. Buyer's exclusive remedy shall be for damages 
and no claim of any kind, whether as to product delivered or for non-delivery of product, and 
whether based on contract, breach of warranty, negligence, or otherwise shall be greater in 
amount than the purchase price of the quantity of product in respect of which damages are 
claimed. In no event shall Seller be liable for incidental or consequential damages, whether 
Buyer's claim is based on contract, breach of warranty, negligence or otherwise. 
 
In particular, the data furnished in this sheet do not address hazards that may be posed 
by other materials mixed with portland cement to produce portland cement products. Users 
should review other relevant material safety data sheets before working with this Portland 
cement or working on portland cement products, for example, portland cement concrete. 
 

=== Non_Discrimination_Anti_Harassment ===

                                                                                                                                                                   
Version: 01, Policy Owner: Head of Human Resources  
 
Proprietary information of Shree Cement Limited  
Ref.: P04  
Non-Discrimination & Anti -Harassment Policy  
 
Shree Cement Limited (hereinafter referred as ‘ SCL’ or ‘ Shree Cement ’ or ‘ the Company ’) 
respects the rights of everyone to work in an environment free from discrimination and 
harassment  (sexual and non -sexual) . SCL believe s in treat ing the people with dignity  and 
decency, and expect all its employees to treat each other with utmost respect and avoid 
discriminatory, offensive, or demeanin g behaviour.   
 
SCL respect s the principles and standards on human rights, discrimination and harassment. This 
Non-Discrimination & Anti -Harassment Policy ( ‘the Policy’ ) contains SCL’s commitment towards 
non-discrimination and anti -harassment and outline its approach towards the same.  
 
Scope  
 
The Policy is applicable to all the employees of SCL (including its subsidiaries) and extends to 
any visitor to Shree Cement prem ises. The Policy requires them to treat others with dignity and 
respect, and refrain from any conduct that may create a hostile working environment. This Policy 
encompasses all actions that may occur as a result of the work  at all workplace premises . 
 
Prev entive measures  
 
SCL shall actively take steps to minimise the occurrence of discrimination and harassment  at the 
workplace. SCL shall, thus focus on the following measures at the workplace:  
 
 Equal Employment Opportunity  
SCL shall offer equal hiring opportunities to all candidates and prohibit discrimination 
against employees for job promotions, assignments, performance evaluations, benefits 
and perks, training, and other employment practices in accordance with applicable laws.  
 
 Improved Accessibility  
SCL shall  provide adequate facilities and safe working environment to people with 
disabilities.  
 
 Employees benefits  
SCL shall provide benefits to its employees as available under applicable legislations.  
 
 Awareness through trainings and other applicable means  
SCL shall  create awareness among its employees on the principles of non-discrimination 
and anti -harassment.  
 
Roles and Responsibilities  
 
SCL expects all its employees to fulfil their roles and respon sibilities in implementation of this 
Policy. The Head of human resources function is responsible for overlooking implementation of 
the policy.  
 
 
 
                                                                                                                                                                     
Version: 01, Policy Owner: Head of Human Resources  
 
Proprietary information of Shree Cement Limited  
Ref.: P04  
Grievance Redressal Mechanism  
 
Any instance of non -compliance of this policy can be reported through the gri evance redressal 
mechanism as defined in the Stakeholder Engagement Policy of SCL.  
 
Policy Approval  
 
This Policy has been approved by the Board of Directors of Shree Cement  in its meeting held on 
22nd May 2023  and supersedes all policies prior to this .  
 
 

=== Occupation_Health_Safety_Policy ===

                                                                                                                                                                   
Version: 01, Policy Owner: Unit Heads  
 
Proprietary information of Shree Cement Limited  
Ref.: P06  
 Occupational Health and Safety Policy  
 
Shree Cement Limited (hereinafter referred as ‘SCL’ or ‘Shree Cement’  or ‘Company’ ) believe s 
that everyone has the right to  a safe working  environment. The Company is  committed to provide 
a safe and healthy workplace  to all its employees and workers across its operations.  
Scope  
This policy is applicable to all its business units  and offices. It also applies to the  employees, 
workers, contra ctors, and visitors , as appropriate.  
Objectives  
 
The Company shall endeavour to ensure good health and safe work practices by:  
• Complying with all applicable legal, and other regulatory requirements, and conducting our 
business with the goal of ‘Zero Inju ry’ in the workplace.  
• Adopting and complying with international standards such as  OHS management systems  (ISO 
45001)  at all our facilities , while taking necessary steps to ensure continual improve ment .  
• Setting up quantitative targets for improving the saf ety performance.  
• Consultation with  the workforce directly or indirectly through their representatives, in 
development, implementation, and evaluation of the occupational health and safety 
management system in order to improve the health and safety mechani sms and measures.  
• Enhancing our health and safety standards and procedures for preventing and mitigating any 
potential emergency situations.  
• Providing a healthy and safe workplace by identifying , assessing , and minimizing health and 
safety risks by effective risk control measures.  
• Taking precautionary measures to effectively manage installation of machinery and hazardous 
processes.  
• Analyzing all safety -related incidents, investigating the root cause thereof and taking 
necessary corrective actions by developing time bound actions plans.  
• Conducting internal assessments and external audits based on ISO 45001  (Occupational 
Health and Saf ety Management System) to safeguard health and well -being of all the 
employees and workers on a regular frequency .  
• Integrating learnings from internal / external audit findings into occupational health and safety 
management system.  
• Providing access to all  the employees and their families to  necessary medical facilities .      
• Raising awareness among all employees and workers regarding occupational health and 
safety through trainings, and skill development on aspects such as first aid, fire prevention, 
accid ent prevention and all other necessary protocols and mechanisms.  
• Communicating regularly about relevant occupational health and safety topics to all 
stakeholders.  
Responsibilities  
Implementation of occupational health and safety policy at each of the plan ts is overseen by 
respective unit heads. Further, safety committees have been set up at each of the plants to 
regularly monitor the health and safety for all the employees and workers.                                                                                                                                                                     
Version: 01, Policy Owner: Unit Heads  
 
Proprietary information of Shree Cement Limited  
Ref.: P06  
The contractors and sub -contractors shall ensure that all necessary sa fety measures are taken 
and safe working conditions are provided to their employees and  workers.  
In consultation with the Company’s  legal team, the contractual agreement with contractors, sub -
contractors and any external agency shall cover aspects on heal th and safety .  
Any instances of grievances regarding non -compliance with the policy can be reported through 
grievance mechanism provided in Stakeholder Engagement Policy.   
 
Policy Implementation and Review  
 
This Policy was approved by the Board of Direct ors of SCL at its meeting held on 22nd May 2023  
and super sedes the  existing policy on this matter .  
 
 

=== Policy_for_Determining_Material_Subsidiaries ===

       Shree Cement Limited    
Bangur Nagar, Beawar Dist Ajmer (Raj) India 305901  
 
 
 
 
Policy for determining the 
Material Subsidiaries  
POLICY FOR DETERMINING THE MATERIAL SUBSIDIARIES  
(Applicable w.e.f. 1st April, 2019  – As amended)  
 
A. Material Subsidiary  
A subsidiary shall be considered as material subsidiary whose 
income or net worth exceeds ten percent of the consolidated 
income or net worth respectively, of the Company and its 
subsidiaries in the immedia tely preceding accounting year.  
 
B. Amendments / Modifications  
In case of any subsequent changes in the provisions of the 
Comp anies Act, 2013 or the Listing R egulations or any other 
applicable law which makes any of the provisions of this Policy 
inconsistent with the Companies Act, 2013 or the Listing Regulations 
or such applicable law, the provisions of the  Companies Act, 2013 or 
the Listing Regulations or such applicable law would prevail over the 
Policy and the provisions in this Policy would be modified in due 
course to make it consistent with such changes.  
 
 
 
 
 

=== POSH_Policy ===

 
 
 PROHIBITION OF SEXUAL HARRASSMENT POLICY  
 
1. POLICY STATEMENT AND  OBJECTIVE  
 
SCL believes in gender equality and aims to provide a safe working environment for all 
people  especially women . SCL does not tolerate sexual harassment in any form  and 
every employe e and all people associated with SCL has a responsibility to ensure that 
there is no sexual harassment  of any form . This policy establishes guidelines for the 
prevention of sexual harassment at SCL workplace  at all levels .  
 
2. SCOPE AND APPLICABIL ITY  
 
The p olicy is applicable all the employees as well as the Board of Directors of the 
company. Company encourages all parties associated with it to comply with the 
aforesaid policy and avoid complicity with anyone that violates this policy . SCL will 
afford natura l justice to any person involved in any case of sexual harassment.  
 
3. DEFINITION OF SEXUAL  HARASSMENT  
 
No woman shall be subjected to sexual harassment at any workplace  of SCL . Anyone 
found to have sexually harassed another person will be subject to discipl inary action . 
The following , among other s, if it occurs or p resent in relation to or connected with any 
act or behaviour of sexual harassment may amount to  sexual harassment: -—- 
I. implied or explicit promise of preferential treatment in her employment; or  
II. implied or explicit threat of detrimental treatment in her employment or  her 
present or future employment status; or  
III. interference with her work or creating an intimidating or hostile  work 
environment for her  or humiliating treatment likely to affect her heal th or safety.  
IV. Physical contact and advances  
V. Demand or request for sexual favours  or making sexually coloured remarks  
VI. Showing pornography  
VII. Any other unwelcome physical, verbal or non verbal conduct of sexual nature  
 
4. INTERNAL COMMITTEE  
  
 
 The Management shall f orm an “INTERNAL COMMITTEE” which shall be responsible to 
take up all matters of sexual harassment. It shall have following members:  
 A Presiding Officer who shall be a senior level woman employed at SCL workplace;  
 not less than two Members from amongst emp loyees preferably committed to the 
cause of women or having experience in social work or have legal knowledge;  
 one member from amongst non -govt. organizations or associations committed to 
cause of women or a person familiar with issues relating to sexual h arassment:  
 Provided that at least one -half of the total Members so nominated shall be women  
 
The above members are appointed for a period of 3 years from the date of constitution 
of this committee under this policy.  The above details about the committee sh all be 
displayed on the internal website of the company.  
 
Although the Act requires the committee to be formed at all places of work, presently 
the INTE RNAL C OMMITTEE is being formed at the entity level situated at Beawar. This 
committee, however, shall be  responsible to look into cases occurring at all places of 
SCL. Evey workplace of SCL shall have a nominated officer under this policy which shall 
be the point of contact for people to mark their complaint under this policy. Such officer 
shall in turn info rm the INTERNA L COMMITTEE of any complaint received by him/her 
within 2 days of receiving such complaint by him/her.  
 
Among other things, the committee shall endeavour to organize workshops/ awareness 
program at regular intervals for employees  and arrange to display at any conspicuous 
place the penal consequences of sexual harassments . 
 
5. PROCEDURE FOR MAKING A COMPLAINT  
 
Any women who believe  to have been sexually harassed may mark  her complaint in 
writing through letter, email, fax or any other legal mode to the Presiding Officer or any 
other member of the Internal Committee of SCL within three months of the incident and 
in case of series of incidents then within three months from the last date of incident. 
The internal committee may extend the period of thr ee months to further three months 
if it is satisfied with the reasons for delay and record  the reasons  in writing.  
 
Reports of sexual harassment will be treated promptly, seriously and confidentially.   
The complainant as well as the alleged harasser shall have the right to choose a 
representative  when he/she responds to the allegations made.  
 
6. INTERNAL COMMITTEE  PROCESS  
  
 
 Once a complaint is received, the Internal committee may ascertain the complainant’s 
preferred outcome, e.g. an apology, the behaviour to  cease, a change in working 
arrangements  and agree on the next step  i.e., informal resolution or formal 
investigation . It will have two options:  
(i) Try to settle the issue with mutual conciliation – In such case the victim and the 
accused have to appear befor e the internal committee as per the INTERNAL 
COMMITTEE  decision . The INTERNAL COMMITTEE  may enquire into the incident 
and if the both the parties agree, then settle the issue with mutual conciliation. T he 
terms of conciliation has to be recorded in writing . A copy of the decision to be 
given to both. Once the reconciliation is reached, there will not be any need for 
further investigation. There shall not be any monetary payment involved in any 
conciliation decision.  The INTERNAL COMMITTEE  may take action in  case of non 
compliance with the terms of settlement.  
 
(ii) Proceed to investigate and if found guilty then take action against accused - If the 
INTERNAL COMMITTEE  deems fit, then it may proceed with investigation.  
 
Investigation  process  – On receiving a  compl aint, the INTERNAL COMMITTEE  will: 
 obtain and record a full, step -by-step account of the incident   
 afford natural justice to all involved  
 interview all directly concerned, separately  
 interview witnesses, separately  
 keep records of the interviews and invest igation  
 ensure confidentiality  and minimise disclosure  
 make a determination as to whether there is sufficient evidence that a  
reasonable person could conclude  that an incident/incidents of sexual 
harassment as defined in this policy  has occurred  
 keep conf idential record of all details of discussion and steps in the process . 
 
The INTERNAL COMMITTEE  shall provide a copy of the findings to both parties and it 
is necessary that the INTERNAL COMMITTEE  provides equal and fair opportunity to 
the accused to submit  his side.  
 
7. FINAL DISPOSAL  
 
Based on enquiry, if the accused is found guilty of misconduct, the INTERNAL 
COMMITTEE  will: 
 determine appropriate action, which may include change of dut y for harasser, 
change in working arrangements or dismissal  based on sever ity of the incident .  
 
  determine such sum as may be paid by the guilty to the victim or her lega l heir 
from the salary or wages of the guilty.  
 where it cannot be determined that an incident/incidents of sexual harassment  
has occurred, may still take action to ensure the proper functioning of the 
workplace  but these actions should not prejudice any party. They will also 
continue to closely monitor the situation and provide retraining where required . 
 Record the findings in writing and submit its report to the management  for 
implementing its recommendations . 
 
8. MALICIOUS ACCUSATION S 
 
Where the INTERNAL COMMITTEE  determines that the accusations were malicious 
and made with wrong intentions, it may take action against the complainant  which 
shall be the same as those  prescribed for  the accused if proved guilty.  The malicious 
intention should be established after proper enquiry and mere inability to 
substantiate a complaint or provide adequate proof need not attract any action . 
 
9. LEAVE TO ACCUSED  
 
If requested or if the  condition of the victim so warrants, then the INTERNAL 
COMMITTEE  may grant leave upto 3 months to the victim and such leave shall be 
over and above the normal leave that she is entitled to as an employee.  
 
10. CONFIDENTIALITY  
 
The identity and addresses of th e aggrieved woman, respondent and witnesses, any 
information relating  to conciliation and inquiry proceedings, recommendations of  
internal Committee and the action taken by the employer shall not be published, 
communicated or made known to press and media  in any manner. The information 
regarding justice secured to any victim may be disseminated without disclosing the 
name, address, identity or any other particulars whic h may lead to identiﬁcation of 
aggrieved woman and witnesses.  Any violation of this clause shall be seriously taken 
and strict action will be taken against the violator.  
 
11. ANNUAL REPORT  
 
The INTERNAL COMMITTEE  shall prepare in each calendar year an annual r eport and 
submit the same to the management. The report shall include, among other things, 
the number of cases filed and their disposal  in respect of all cases of sexual 
harassment. This information shall form part of the Annual report of the company.  

=== Related_Party_Transaction_Policy ===

 
 
 
SHREE CEMENT LIMITED  
Page 1 of 5 
 
Policy on Related Party Transaction s 
    (Effective from 1st April, 2022 ) 
 
Preamble  
 
The Board of Directors of the Company  has adopted the Policy  and procedure with regard to the 
Related Party Transaction s (stated below) . The Policy envisages the procedure governing Related 
Party Transaction s required to be followed by the C ompany to ensure compliance with the 
Applicable Law s.  
 
Purpose  
 
This Policy has been framed as per Regulation 23 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulation s, 2015 w.e.f. 1st December, 2015  (as amended from time to time)  
(hereinafter referred as ‘Listing Regulations ’), which requires that all listed companies to 
formulate a Policy on  materiality of related party transactions and on dealing with related party 
transactions. Apart from Listing Regulations, t his Policy also takes into account the compliance 
requirement s of the Companies Act, 2013 and Rules made thereunder with re spect to Related 
Party Transactions .  
 
Definition s 
 
“Related Party” means and includes any person or entity  who/which is a related party under 
Section 2(76) of the Companies Act , 2013 or Listing Regulations.  
 “Related Party Transaction” means a transaction involving a transfer of resources, services or 
obligations between:  
 
(i) a listed entity or any of its subsidiaries on one hand and a related party of the listed entity 
or any of its subsidiaries on the other hand; or  
(ii) a listed entity or any of its subsidiaries on one hand, and any other person or entity on the 
other hand, the purpose and effect of which is to benefit a related party of the listed entity 
or any of its subsidiaries , with effect from April 1, 2023;  
 
regardless  of whether a price is charged and a “transaction” with a related party shall be construed 
to include a single transaction or a group of transactions in a contract.   
 
Exclusions : The following shall not be a related party transaction:  
  
(a) the issue of specified securities on a preferential basis, subject to compliance of the 
requirements under the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue of Capital and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2018;  
  
 
 
SHREE CEMENT LIMITED  
Page 2 of 5 
 
(b) corporate actions by the listed entity  which are uniformly applicable/offered to all 
shareholders in proportion to their shareholding  regarding :-  
 
i. payment of dividend;  
ii. subdivision or consolidation of securities;  
iii. issuance of securities by way of a rights issue or a bonus issue; a nd  
iv. buy -back of securities.   
 
“Material modification(s)” means  any modification made in the terms and conditions of any 
ongoing or proposed Related Party Transaction, as originally approved by the Audit Committee 
and/ or shareholders, as the case may be, having significant impact on the nature, value, tenure, 
exposure, or likely financial impact of such transaction . Provided further that the following shall 
not be considered as material modification (s):- 
 
(a) modifications which may be mandated pursuant to  any change in law  or constitution of 
parties  
(b) modifications pursuant to and in accordance with the terms of the approved 
transaction/contract, whether with or without mutual consent of parties, as the case may 
be. 
(c) Modifications which are purely technical a nd do not result in substantive change or 
alteration of rights, interest and obligations of any of the parties  
(d) Modifications uniformly  affected for similar transactions with unrelated parties  
 
The Audit Committee is empowered to define the material modif ications from time to time.  
 
 “Material Related Party Transactions ” means :-  
 
(a) any transaction to be entered into with a Related Party (other than a Wholly Owned 
Subsidiary), value whereof individually or taken together with previous Related Party 
Transaction during a financial year, exceed Rs. 1000 Crores or 10 (T en) percent of the 
annual consolidated turnover of the Company , whichever is lower , as per the last audited 
financial statements of the Company or such other threshold as may be laid down from 
time to time by Applicable Law s;  
 
(b) a transaction involving payments made to a Rela ted Party with respect to brand usage or 
royalty if the transaction(s) to be entered into individually or taken together with 
previous transactions during a financial year, exceed 5 (F ive) percent of the annual 
consolidated turnover of the Company as per the last audited financial statements of the 
Company .  
 
“Words and expressions used but not defined in this Policy shall have the same meaning as 
respectively assigned to them, in the Companies Act, 2013 and R ules framed thereunder  and Listing 
Regulations , as amended, from time to time .”  
 
 
SHREE CEMENT LIMITED  
Page 3 of 5 
 
 
Review and Approval of Related Party Transactions  
 
(A) Transactions require approval /Review  
 
1. All Related Party Transactions shall be reported to the Audit Committee and referred for 
approval /review by the Committee in accordance with this Policy.  
 
2. Related Party Transactions and subsequent material modifications shall require prior 
approval of Audit Committee  (other than transactions with Wholly Owned Subsidiar ies) as per 
the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013  & Rules made thereunder and the Listing 
Regulations. Further, Related Party Transactions with wholly owned subsidiaries in the 
ordinary course of business and at arm's length will be placed before the Audit Committee for 
its review.  
 
3. (a) A related party tra nsaction to which the subsidiary of the Company is a party but the 
Company (SCL) is not a party, shall require prior approval of the audit committee of the 
Company if the value of such transaction whether entered into individually or taken together 
with pr evious transactions during a financial year exceeds 10 (T en) per cent of the annual 
consolidated turnover, as per the last audited financial statements of the Company (SCL) . 
 
(b) With effect from April 1, 2023, a related party transaction to which the subs idiary of the 
Company (SCL) is a party but the Company (SCL) is not a party, shall require prior approval of 
the audit committee of the Company if the value of such transaction whether entered into 
individually or taken together with previous transactions during a financial year, exceeds ten 
per cent of the annual standalone turnover, as per the last audited financial statements of the 
subsidiary  of the Company (SCL) . No approval of Audit Committee of the Company (SCL) is 
required where transactions entered  into between two wholly -owned subsidiaries of the 
Company, whose accounts are consolidated with the Company (SCL) and placed before the 
shareholders at the general meeting for approval.  
 
4. The Audit Committee may grant omnibus approval for Related Party Tra nsactions proposed 
to be entered into by the Company in accordance with the conditions specified in Companies 
Act, 2013 & R ules made thereunder  and Listing Regulations . Omnibus approval cannot be 
made for transactions in respect of selling or disposing of the undertaking of the Company.   
 
5. Where the need of the related party transaction cannot be foreseen and all prescribed details 
are not available, the Audit Committee may grant omnibus approval subject to the value per 
transaction not exceeding Rs. 1,00,0 0,000/ - (Rupees One Crore only) in a year subject to  such 
aggregate value as specified by Audit Committee from time  to time . The details of such 
transaction shall be reported to the Audit Committee for review on quarterly basis. Further,  
 
 
SHREE CEMENT LIMITED  
Page 4 of 5 
 
the Committee shall on an annual basis review and assess such transactions including the 
limits to ensure that they are in compliance with this Policy.  
 
6. Approval of Board : - All the contracts/ arrangements prescribed under Section 188(1) of the 
Companies Act, 2013 and within the threshold limits prescribed under Rule 15 (3) of 
Companies (Meetings of Board and its Powers) Rules, 2014  (as amended  from time to time ), 
which are not in the ordinary course of business of the Company and/ or on arm’s length basis 
shall, in addition to the prior approval of the Audit Committee, also require prior approval of 
the Board of Directors of the Company.  
 
7. Approval of Shareholders : -  Following related party transactions require prior approval of 
Shareholder through Ordinar y Resolution: - 
 
(i) Material Related Party Transactions under the Listing Regulations  
(ii) Related Party Transactions under the Companies Act, 2013 , which are  not in the ordinary 
course of business of the Company and/ or on arm’s length basis  and exceed the threshold 
limit specified under Rule 15 (3) of Companies (Meetings of Board and its Powers) Rules, 
2014  (as amended from time to time)   
(iii) Any subsequent material modifications in the above transactions .  
 
However, the approval of the shareholders for transactions shall not apply if the the 
transactions are entered into with wholly owned subsidiaries  (WOS)  whose accounts are 
consolidated with the Company  (SCL).  
 
(B) Transactions which do not require approval  
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the following Related Party Transactions shall not require approval of 
the Audit Committee, Board or the shareholders, as the case may be:  
 
(i) Any transaction involving the providing of compensation to a director or Key Managerial  
Personnel in connection with his duties to the Company including the reimbursement of 
reasonable business and travel expenses incurred in the ordinary course of business.  
 
(ii) Any Transactions or arrangements which are specifically dealt with by the Company 
under the provisions of specific laws and executed under separate approvals / procedures 
in terms of such laws. Examples, Contribution to Provided Fund, Superannuation Funds 
and Gratuity Fund, CSR Contribution, etc.  
 
(C) Ratification of Related Parties  
 
(a) Ratification by Audit Committee - In the event the Company becomes aware of a 
transaction with a related party that has not been approved in accordance with this policy, 
the matter shall be reviewed by the Audit Committee. T he Audit Committee shall consider  
 
 
SHREE CEMENT LIMITED  
Page 5 of 5 
 
all the relevant facts and circumstances regarding the related party transaction, and shall 
evaluate all options available to the Company, including ratification, revision or 
termination of the related party transactions . 
  
In any case, where the Audit Committee determines not to ratify a related party transaction 
that has been commenced without approval, the Audit Committee, as appropriate, may 
direct additional actions including, but not limited to, discontinuation of the  transaction or 
seeking the approval of the shareholders, payment of compensation by the defaulting 
person (as may be decided by the Audit Committee) to the related party or the Company 
as the case may be, etc. In connection with any review/approval of a r elated party 
transaction, the Audit Committee has authority to modify or waive any procedural 
requirements of the Policy.  
 
(b) Ratification by the Board/ shareholders - In a case where the aforesaid transaction has 
been ratified by the audit committee, the same shall also be required to be ratified by the 
board in case where the same is not in the ordinary course or at arm’s length. Furthermore, 
if the said transaction is a material related party transaction, then the same will also be 
required to be placed before the shareholders for their approval.  
 
Disclosures   
 
Disclosures in respect of Related Party Transactions will be made in accordance with the 
applicable laws / regulations.  
 
Nothing in this Policy shall override any provisions of Applicable Law s made in respect of any 
matter stated in this Policy. This Policy may be amended, modified or supplemented from time to 
time to ensure compliance with any modification, amendment or supplemented from time to time 
to ensure compliance with any modification,  amendment or supplementation to the Listing 
Regulations or as may be otherwise prescribed by the Audit Committee/ Board from time to time. 
The Policy shall be reviewed by the Board of Directors at least once every three years. In case, 
pursuant to any ame ndment, the terms of this Policy become inconsistent with the provisions, the 
same will be deemed to reflect the amended provisions till the changes are carried out as 
mentioned above.   
 
*****  

=== Remuneration_Policy ===

Page 1 of 4 
 REMUNERATION POLICY OF SHREE CEMENT LIMITED  
 
1. Vision  and Objective  
 
Shree believes in nurturing a people friendly environment which is geared to drive the organization 
towards high and sustainable growth. Each and every personnel working with Shree strives to 
achieve the Company’s vision of being the best in the industry.  
 
2. Objective of the policy  
 
The objective of the remuneration policy is: - 
i. to enable the Nomination cum Remuneration Committee to attract highly qualified executives 
to join the Shree’s Board of Directors and Top Management  
ii. to enable the top management to attract, recruit and retain people at senior level positions in 
the organi zation  
iii. to enable the top management working along with senior personnel and Human Resource group 
of the organization to attract, recruit, motivate and retain the best talent available to join its 
team  
iv. to create value for all stakeholders in an efficient an d responsible manner by accomplishing as 
above mentioned  
v. the directors, executive and prescribed officers are remunerated fairly and responsibly with the 
long term interest of the company in mind  
vi. An effective remuneration policy is in place, aligned with t he company strategy and applied 
consistently throughout the entity at all employees levels.  
 
3. Scope of the Policy  
 
The policy is applicable for : 
(i) appointment and fixing of remuneration for all the Directors as well as Key Managerial 
Personnel (KMP ) of the Company which includes the Chief Financial Officer and the Company 
Secretary. It also includes the appointment of other senior management personnel viz. Key 
Functional incharge like Technical Head, Marketing Head, Power Plant Head, Commercial Head  
which the Board may decide to appoint and  who may report to the top management of the  
Company. Further, the appointment and  remuneration of other employees of the company  
shall also be guided by this policy although the  specific implementation may be undertaken by  
the respective department responsible for hiring  in the Company.  
 
(ii) Board of Directors  
The Nomination c um Remuneration Committee is  responsible to set remuneration policies for  
members of the Board of Directors of the  company. The remuneration for members of the  Board 
shall be based on various factors as below:  
 
Page 2 of 4 
 Sl. 
No. Factors for deciding Remuneration  
Working Directors  Non Working  
  Non -Independent  Independent  
1.  Qualification, Background and Experience 
of each individual  Qualification, Background and 
Experience of each individual  
2.  Performance of the company  Performance of the company  
3.  Accolades and R ecognition conferred on 
the individual   Accolades and Recognition conferred 
on the individual  including 
association with organizations of 
high repute  
4.  Performance of the sector in which the 
Company  operates and overall economy . Performance of the sector in which 
the Company operates and overall 
economy.  
5.  Remuneration of peer group  - - 
6.  Responsibility and profile of individual 
person  - - 
7.  Previous stints, if any  - - 
8.  Remuneration drawn from previous 
employer  - - 
9.  ESG /Sustainability Performance of the 
Company    
 
The Nomination and Remuneration Committee  may consider any other factor considered  
relevant by it for deciding on the remuneration of  the members of the Board. The remuneration 
of the Working Directors and Non -Working including  Independent Directors may differ in 
proportion or  in the manner of payment depending upon their  profile, responsibility, area of 
expertise etc. as  may be decided by the Board.  
 
Components of Remuneration  
 
The remuneration of the members of the Board of  Directors consisting of Working, Non -Working 
and Independent Directors shall normally include the  following: - 
 
Sl. 
No. Components of Remuneration  
Working Directors  Non -Working  
  Non -Independent  Independent  
1.  Fixed remuneration  - - 
2.  Performance based remuneration 
(if decided by the committee)  - - 
3.  Other perquisites and benefits  - - 
4.  Pension and other retiral schemes  - - Page 3 of 4 
 5.  Commission as decided by the 
Board within the celling specified 
under the Companies Act, 2013  Commission as decided by the Board within 
the celling specified under the Companies 
Act, 2013  
 
Remuneration components may differ for each  member depending upon its role and 
responsibility.  
 
(iii) Key Managerial Personnel  (Other than Board members) and Senior Executives  
The remuneration of Key Managerial Personnel  and other senior management people  
appointed by the Board for fil ling higher  management positions who shall be reporting  to the 
top management of the company shall  consider and be based considering the below  factors: - 
 
Sl. No . Factors for deciding Remuneration  
1.  Qualification, Background and Experience of each individual  
2.  Responsibility and profile of individual person  
3.  Performance of the C ompany  
4.  Award and recognition of the individual  
5.  Performance of the sector in which it operates and overall economy of the country  
6.  Remuneration of peer group  
7.  ESG /Sustainability Performance of the Company  
 
Components of Remuneration  
 
Remuneration components shall differ for each  individual depending upon his role and  
responsibility. The remuneration of the Key  Managerial Personnel and other senior  management 
personnel shall normally include  the following: - 
 
Sl. 
No. Components of Remuneration  
1.  Fixed remuneration  
2.  Performance based remuneration  
3.  Other perquisites and benefits  
4.  Pension and other retiral schemes  
 
(iv) Other employees not covered above  
The components of remuneration of all the employees of the company other than those 
specifically covered above shall normally include the following:   
 
Sl. 
No. Components of Remuneration  
1.  Fixed remuneration  
2.  Performance based remuneration  
3.  Other perquisites and benefits  
4.  Pension and other retiral schemes  Page 4 of 4 
  
 
The appointment and details of remuneration of  the scope of people covered above shall be  
broadly based on the factors above. The actual  implementation regarding appointment and  
remuneration f ixing can be taken up by the HR  department responsible for hiring in the  company.  
 
(v) Carrier Growth Plan  
Appropriate carrier growth plan shall be devised  for all the senior and middle level management  
employees considering their potential skills,  experience etc. with a view to create leadership  
pool with the Company as well as providing  growth opportunities for senior management  
people.  
 
(vi) Advances/ Loan to Employees  
Company may grant advances/loan to its  employees as per its Employees’ Loan Policy  subject 
to th e compliance of the provisions of  the Companies Act, 2013 & Rules made  thereunder and 
further clarifications issued by  the Ministry of Corporate Affairs from time to  time.  
 
(vii) Claw back  
In an incident of restatement of financial statements, due to fraud or non-compliance with any 
requirement of the Companies Act, 2013 and the rules made thereafter, the Company shall 
recover from its Directors as well Key Management Personnel, the remuneration received in 
excess, of what would be payable to him / her as per r estatement of financial statements, 
pertaining to the relevant performance year.  
 
(viii) Approval and Disclosure  
All approval as required under the Companies  Act or any other relevant act or rules from the  
Shareholders, Governments or any other  agency for making the remuneration effective  for the 
covered group shall be obtained by the  Secretarial department of the Company.  Wherever 
required under any law, rules or  regulation, the details of remuneration of all  people covered 
under this policy shall be  disclosed by  the Secretarial / Accounts  department of the Company.  

=== Stakeholder_Engagement_Policy ===

                                                                                                                                                                   
Version: 01, Policy Owner: Head of Human Resources  
 
Proprietary information of Shree Cement Limited  
Ref.: P07  
Stakeholder Engagement Policy  
 
Shree Cement Limited (hereinafter referred  as ‘SCL’  or ‘Shree Cement’ or ‘Company’ ), 
recognises  the significance of stakeholder engagement mechanism. The Company has 
developed this Stakeholder Engagement Policy ( ‘the Policy’ ), which guides its  business for 
identification and management of relationships with stakeholders.  
 
Objective  
The objective of  this Policy is to define  Company’s stakeholder engagement mechanism. This 
mechanism helps company to understand stakeholders’ needs and concerns. Such engagement 
with stakeholders, helps in managing risks at an early stage.  
 
Scope  
The Policy is applicabl e to all operational business units of the Company  
 
Stakeholder Engagement Process  
SCL incorporates following elements into its stakeholder engagement process:  
• Defining process for stakeholder engagement, including identification and prioritization of 
stakeholders.  
• Stakeholders are identified from list of individuals and groups whose interests are affected or 
could be affected by SCL’s business activities across the value chain.  
• Common categories of stakeholders include business partners, civil society organizations, 
customers, employees and workers, governments, local communities (including vulnerable 
groups), nongovernmental organizations, shareholders and other investors and su ppliers etc.  
• Stakeholders within respective stakeholder groups are prioritized considering level of impact 
that SCL has on stakeholders, and level of influence that stakeholders have on SCL’s business 
operations.  
• Engaging with stakeholders (e.g. vulnerab le groups) by consulting them directly in a way that 
takes into account language and other potential barriers.  
• Embedding principles of materiality, transparency, inclusiveness, and completeness into the 
process while adopting specific approaches for consu lting with stakeholders.  
• Establishing accountability and deployment of adequate resources to ensure effective 
engagement outcome while taking into account stakeholder engagement risks such as 
disruptive stakeholders, participation fatigue etc.  
• Providing training  and capacity building on methods of engagement  to staff involved in 
stakeholder engagement process.  
• Analyzing outcome of stakeholder engagement and communicating the same to respective 
stakeholders in alignment with regulatory requirements and gu idance from global standards 
and frameworks for stakeholder engagement.  
 
Grievance Mechanism  
Stakeholders can reach us in case of any grievances. Channels for communication include 
‘Contact us ’ section of our website  and a dedicated email ID: grievance@shreecement.com  .  
Alternatively, local stakeholders can directly connect with human resources / CSR representatives 
at respective locations for reporting any concerns.                                                                                                                                                                      
Version: 01, Policy Owner: Head of Human Resources  
 
Proprietary information of Shree Cement Limited  
Ref.: P07  
 
Governance Structure  
Respective department heads are responsible for carrying out stakeholder consultations for 
individual stakeholder groups. And, at manufacturing locations, stakeholder consultation process 
is carried out under guidance of respective unit heads. Overall stak eholder engagement process 
at corporate level is supervised by head of human resources function.  
  
Briefings on key concerns from stakeholder engagement is provided to Board of Directors on 
annual basis through CSR and Sustainability committee of the Boar d. 
 
This document was approved by the Company’s Board of Directors at its meeting held on 22nd 
May 2023 .  
 
 
 

=== Sustainability_Procurement_Policy ===

                                                                                                                                                                   
Version: 01, Policy Owner: Head s of Procurement Functions  
 
Proprietary information of Shree Cement Limited  
Ref.: P10 
Sustainable Procurement Policy  
 
Shree Cement Limited (hereinafter referred as ‘Shree Cement’ or ‘ SCL’ or ‘the Company’)  intends 
to integrate sustainability principles into its procurement practices. Also, through the Sustainable 
Procurement Policy, the Company expects its suppliers to abide by the Supplier Code of Conduct, 
available as Annexure to this policy.  
 
Policy Com mitments:  
As part of its operations, Shree Cement Limited intends to make its procurement practices more 
sustainable by:  
• Complying with all the applicable laws, and regulatory requirement s. 
• Protecting and safeguarding confidential information  including s ensitive personally identifiable 
information of its supply chain partners, as per regulatory requirements.  
• Identifying risks in the procurement process and developing mitigation mechanisms.  
• Screening of suppliers on social and environmental parameters as  part of supplier onboarding 
process.  
• Defining suppliers as critical and non -critical as per pre -defined criteria which includes volume 
of procurement, non -substitutable nature and other suitable parameters.  
• Carrying out assessments of suppliers based on SCL’s supplier assessment framework.  
• Integrating results of supplier assessments into onboarding process, with consideration for 
suppliers from local geography and from vulnerable groups.  
• Awareness generation and training of supply chain partners on prin ciples defined under this 
policy.  
 
Policy Governance:  
Heads of procurement functions dealing with different types of procurement are responsible for 
overlooking the implementation of this policy. Any grievances towards non -compliance of this 
policy can be reported through the grievance mechanism as defined in the Stakeholder 
Engagement Policy of SCL.  
 
Policy Approval  
This Policy was approved by the Board of Directors of Shree Cement at its meeting held on 22nd 
May 2023  and super sedes all prior policies in t his matter.  
 
                                                                                                                                                                     
Version: 01, Policy Owner: Head s of Procurement Functions  
 
Proprietary information of Shree Cement Limited  
Ref.: P10 
Annexure  
 
Supplier Code of Conduct  
 
 
Shree Cement  (hereinafter referred to as ‘Shree’, ‘SCL’ or the ‘Company’) , strive s to attain growth by 
integrating sustainability practices across the value chain . Its vision focuses on overall bettermen t of the 
society. In order to progress towards long -term sustenance collaboratively, the Company  expect s its value 
chain partners and suppliers to incorporate sustainable practices in their own operations.   
 
I.  Scope and Applicability  
 
In this Supplier Code of Conduct (here after called as ‘Code’), SCL has laid down its expectations from its 
value chain partners - suppliers or vendors (here after called as ‘Suppliers’).  
With a vision to create a more sustainable society, SCL encourage s all its Suppliers to also have their own 
Sustainable Procurement policies for their suppliers.  
 
II.  Expectations  
 
1. Labor and Human Rights:  
 
The Company  expects  all its Suppliers to comply with the following at their premises:  
 
(a) Encourage all employees and workers to treat everyone with dignity and respect.  
(b) Exhibit intolerance towards discrimination on the grounds of gender, age, religion, race, caste, color, 
ancestry, marital status, sexual orientation, nationality, health status, economic or social situati on, 
property, political or other opinion, or disability at workplace or for employment.  
(c) Refrain from violating human rights and forbid involuntary, forced, or child labor practices.  
(d) Prohibit human trafficking across the value chain.  
(e) Commit to a harassmen t free and abuse free workplace, both sexual and non -sexual.  
(f) Provide employees and workers with safe and hygienic working conditions. Also, comply with all 
applicable laws and regulations in the areas of operations with regards to working hours and overti me.  
(g) Compensate employees and workers fairly and solely on the basis of their performance, competencies 
and skill set  and as per provisions of applicable law .  
(h) Conduct awareness programs and trainings on various topics under the labor and human rights for the 
employees and workers.  
(i) Uphold applicable human right s standards  and labor practices and provide a mechanism for reporting 
any concerns or violations pertaining to human and labor rights anonymously.  
   
2. Health and Safety:  
 
SCL ensure s that the Suppliers  it onboard s also abide by safety and health standards at their premises:  
 
(a) Install appropriate controls, safe work procedures and necessary protective measures to mitigate any 
form of health and safety risk in the workplace and to prevent accidents or occu pational illness.  
(b) Provide a healthy and safe work environment for its employees and workers.  
(c) Ensure necessary safety equipment is present across all workplaces such as fire safety equipment, 
emergency aid kits, and facilitate emergency responses/escapes su ch as fire exits, medical 
help/ambulance services.  
(d) Conduct trainings on safety protocol, workplace risk or hazardous materials for all employees and 
workers.  
 
                                                                                                                                                                     
Version: 01, Policy Owner: Head s of Procurement Functions  
 
Proprietary information of Shree Cement Limited  
Ref.: P10 
3. Ethics and Integrity:  
 
To ensure that ethical  practices and behavior  transpires across the value chain, the Company  encourage s 
its Suppliers to:  
 
(a) Maintain a record of all business transactions as per the necessary regulatory requirements.  
(b) Conduct business in accordance with the competition laws of the country or countries of operations.  
(c) Protect and safeguard confidential information, especially personal and sensitive information, of 
employees, business partners, customers, or any other third party as per the regulation.  
(d) Inform in case of a conflict of interest and disclose  if any of our correspondents, officials, have any 
interest or economic ties with the supplier’s business.  
(e) Comply with anti -bribery and anti -corruption practices . 
(f) Conduct awareness programs and trainings on ethical business practices for employees and wor kers.  
(g) Provide and inform the employees and workers on reporting mechanisms to anonymously file a 
complaint on any form of ethical violation.  
 
4. Environmental Impact  
 
SCL is  conscious of the impact its activities have on the natural resources, biodiversity, and the climate. 
Additionally, the company compl ies with national and international environmental laws. Abiding by the 
same, and to protect the environment from any potential negative impact,  the company expects its  Suppliers 
to monitor the following at th eir premises:  
 
(a) Monitor and track their environmental footprint including Greenhouse Gas (GHG) emissions and 
promote efficient operational use of resources such as energy, water, and other materials.  
(b) Promote and practice circular economy principles and effi cient waste management throughout their 
process  
(c) Ensure that they are compliant and well within the permissible environment standards and statutory 
laws of the country or countries of operations.  
(d) Take necessary measures in order to minimise the impact their activities have on the surrounding 
biodiversity.  
(e)  Initiatives to ensure Green / Eco friendly Environment at workplace.  
 
5. Product Quality  
 
SCL believes in offering its customers superior quality product and services, while not compromising on the 
safety and quality standards throughout the process. On similar lines, the company would like to ensure 
that this sanctity is maintained throughout the value chain and hence ex pects the same level of commitment 
to quality from its Suppliers.  
 
(a) Ascertain the quality of the product or service, and immediately report issues that could negatively 
impact the end user or the brand reputation.  
(b) Adhere to good manufacturing practices and  testing protocols.  
(c) Comply with product safety regulations and communicate all relevant product handling requirements.  
(d) Along with correct labelling, transparently share all aspects about health, safety, and environment 
related information of the products.  
(e) Test the products as per approved standards. Ensure calibration of lab equipment / measuring tools as 
per approved schedule.  
 
III. Enforcement  
 
The Suppliers are expected to comply with the principles  mentioned in this Supplier Code of Conduct and 
assess their own performance against the points stated.  
                                                                                                                                                                    
Version: 01, Policy Owner: Head s of Procurement Functions  
 
Proprietary information of Shree Cement Limited  
Ref.: P10 
In case of any violations which are found or reported, SCL will provide the Supplier time and offer support 
in remediating the concern or challenge. Only in cases where the remediation is not do ne as per plan or for 
some reason not addressed, SCL holds rights to terminate the relationship or blacklist the violating Supplier.  
 
Furthermore, in scenarios where the supplier is abiding by the Code and there is a conflict between a 
national law and an international standard, the national regulation will prevail while respecting the 
international standard to the maximum extent feasible.  
 
 
 

=== Tax_Policy ===

                                                                                                                                                                   
Version: 01 , Policy Owner: Tax Head  
 
Proprietary information of  Shree Cement Limited  
Ref.: P01  
Tax Policy of Shree Cement Limited  
Purpose  
Shree Cement’s (SCL) business operations are spread over various Indian states as well as in 
other geographies across the world .    
The purpose of Tax Policy is to ensure compliance with the applicable tax laws and regulations 
in the countries in which company operates. This Policy is aligned with our corporate values and 
the Code of Conduct.  
This Policy is designed to lay out our tax proc esses based on commitment to fair tax practices 
and transparency . It is aimed at fulfilling the corporate interests, supporting long -term business 
strategy, avoiding tax risks and due compliance of applicable tax laws.  
This Policy is applicable to SCL as well as its subsidiaries across the geographies.  
Policy Principles  
The tax policy shall be governed by the following tax principles:  
 Compliance  
SCL is committed to adhere to all the compliances in accordance with applicable tax laws 
and regulations in th e jurisdictions in which it operates.  
 Transparency  
SCL shall maintain an open and transparent tax structure and shall adhere to pay taxes 
on time and provide all the relevant information as and when requested by the tax 
authorities.  
 Transfer Pricing  
All the transactions amongst entities belonging to SCL and associated enterprises shall 
be in alignment with ‘arm’s length’ principle, as applicable.  
 Tax Evaluation  
SCL is committed not to undertake any tax structures without commercial substance. It 
shall not misuse tax structures for the purpose of tax avoidance, by using tax havens.  
 Risk Management  
SCL shall closely monitor tax amendments and legislative changes to ensure 
consideration of their impact when identifying business risks and changes to proc esses or 
internal controls. It shall adopt diligent and professional approach for assessing tax risks 
and identify steps to manage those risks.  
Policy Approval  
This Policy was approved by the Board of Directors of Shree Cement at its meeting held on 22nd 
May 2023 , and supersedes all previous policies in this matter.                                                                                                                                                                     
Version: 01 , Policy Owner: Tax Head  
 
Proprietary information of  Shree Cement Limited  
Ref.: P01  
Policy Review  
The Policy shall be reviewed periodically, and it is the responsibility of the Tax Head to ensure 
such review and applicable updates are performed.  
 

=== Whistleblower_Policy ===

       
Bangur Nagar, Beawar  – 305901,  Distt. Ajmer , Rajasthan,  India  
 
 
Page 1 of 2  Whis tle Blower Policy  
 
 
WHISTLE  BLOWER POLICY  
 
Objective  
 
This Whistle blower Policy (‘Policy’ ) of Shree Cement Ltd. ( ‘SCL’/’Company’ ) is aimed at establishing a vigil 
mechanism for its employees , Directors and other stakeholders to report genuine concerns in an appropriate manner 
without any fear of reprisal. The Policy is intended to encourage and enable report ing of any wrongdoing or 
actual/suspected fraud or any other unethical behaviour  or practice  related to a potential violation of the Company’s 
Policy on Ethics, Transparency and Accountability and Code of Conduct (collectively called “ Violations ”) by 
following the procedure and manner given therein . 
 
Coverage  
 
This Policy shall b e applicable for all the units of the Company in India . Whistleblowers could be employees and 
Directors  as well as third parties  including vendors,  suppliers,  customers  and shareholders  or any other person  who 
may wish to  disclose /  report a concern relate d to a potential Violation of the Company’s Policy on Ethics, 
Transparency and Accountability and Code of Conduct.  The employees of the Company may also report instances 
of any leakage of Unpublished Price Sensitive Information in terms of SEBI (Prohibition of Insider Trading) 
Regulations.  
 
Complainant to report  in good faith 
 
Anyone filing a complaint concerning a Violation or suspected Violation must a ct in good faith and have reasonable 
grounds for believing the alleged wrong doing / unethical activity. In this context, “good faith” means that one will (i) 
provide all of the information one has; (ii) reasonably believes that the allegations are substan tially true; and (iii) is 
not acting for personal gain. Any allegation that turn s out to be unsubstantiated or motivated or made maliciously or 
made knowingly it to be false and not under good faith will be viewed seriously and attract disciplinary action.  
 
Protection of Whistle Blowers  
 
The mechanism and process in this Policy is designed to offer protection to the whistleblower s provided that the 
disclosure made / concern raised / allegations made by a whistleblower is in good faith and the alleged action or 
non-action, constitutes a genuine and serious breach of what is laid down in Company’s Ethics, Transparency and 
Accountabil ity Policy and Code of Conduct.  
 
The Company is against any kind of discrimination, harassment, victimization or any other unfair employment 
practice adopted against whistleblowers. It is committed to provide protection to whistleblowers against any unfair  
practices like retaliation, threat or intimidation, termination/ suspension of service, disciplinary action or the like, 
including any direct or indirect use of authority to obstruct the whistleblower’s right to continue to perform his/her 
duties/function s in a free and fair manner.  
 
However, this Policy may not be used as a defence by an employee against whom an adverse personnel action has 
been taken for legitimate reasons. It shall not be a violation of this Policy to take disciplinary action against a n 
employee, whose conduct or performance warrants that action, separate and apart from that employee making a 
complaint under this Policy.  
 
Compliance Officer  
 
SCL’s Compliance Officer is the person nominated under this Policy for implementing the provisions of this Policy . 
Additionally, Senior Management of the Company , from time -to-time,  may nominate any one or more officers of the 
Company to act as Compliance Officer(s) for this purpose. Compliance Officer (s) shall be respon sible for 
investigating the reported Violations and resolving complaints reported to them . Any major Violation as deemed        
Bangur Nagar, Beawar  – 305901,  Distt. Ajmer , Rajasthan,  India  
 
 
Page 2 of 2  Whis tle Blower Policy  
 
appropriate by the Compliance Officer (s) shall be reported to the Audit Committee of the Board which shall address 
all such reported co ncerns/ complaints.  
 
List of exclusions  
 
The following types of complaints will ordinarily not be considered and taken up:  
 
1. Matters pending before judiciary or sub judiciary body and like other body;  
2. Complaints that are immaterial or frivolous in nature;  
3. Complaints that are vague ; 
4. Old matter s where details or records are not available ; 
5. Matters relate d to service matters or personal grievance ( e.g. increment, promotion, appraisal , etc.); or  
6. Any customer/  product related grievance  
 
Reporting Procedure  
 
Every person who chooses to report under this Policy is expected to have read and understood th e provisions 
thereof and abide by it. It is expected and recommended that any person who wishes to report, do so after gathering 
adequate facts/ data to substantiate the Violation and not complaint merely based on hearsay or rumour.  
 
In general, r eporting procedure shall be as below:  
 
 Any employee , director or third party  can communicate any Violation or suspected Violation to the Compliance 
Officer appointed under this Policy by addressing a letter to him at Shree Cement Ltd., Bangur Nagar, Beawar  
305901, Distt. Ajmer, Rajasthan or sending an e-mail at whistleblower@shreecement.com . 
 In exceptional cases the complainant can directly report his / her complaint to the Chairperson of the Company’s 
Audit Committee. Details of the Chairperson of Audit Committee are available on the Company’s website.  
 The whistleblower must disclose his/  her identity in the communic ation. Concerns expressed anonymously may 
not be investigated as it would  not be possible for the Company to interact with the whistleblower.  
 For effective investigation of the Violation or suspected Violation, the whistleblowers should submit the complain t 
or Violation to the Company directly and not publicise the same. Violations or suspected Violations should be 
submitted on a confidential basis  with the Company . 
 It shall not be mandatory for Compliance Officer to investigate any or all complaints or Vio lations reported under 
this Policy and the same shall be treated in line with the authenticity, gravity of the matter and Company policy/ 
practice in this regard.  
 
Investigations of reported Violations  
 
All Violations or suspected Violations reported under this Policy shall be reviewed by the Compliance Officer . The 
investigation shall be carried out by follow ing principles of natural justice.  
 
Guidelines for communication and implementation of this policy  
 
A communication mechanism will be implemented to create awareness about this Policy with the employees of the 
Company.  
 
Amendment  
 
The Company reserves the right to rescind, amend or modify this Policy in whole or in part, at any time without 
assigning any reason.  